发展。智能手表需要提高的方面还有很多。虽然对于生产厂家来说，他们面临的风险与16世纪生产怀表的厂商可能无法同日而语，但有一点毫无疑问，他们将改变我们的生活方式。
Chinese actress Angelababy and actor Chen He have recently released a joint-statement to deny rumours that the two of them are more than just variety show partners.
日前，中国女演员Angelababy和男演员陈赫发布了一份联合声明，对'二人关系不仅仅只是综艺节目中的合作伙伴那么简单'这一谣言进行了辟谣。
As reported on Mingpao, the issue regarding Angelababy and Chen's closeness sparked recently when a Netizen asked about such a rumour on a Question And Answer segment posted online.
据《明报》报道，Angelababy和陈赫的亲密关系问题最近引起了很多人的关注，起因是一个网民在一个问答网站上问起了该谣言。
The question was then answered by the infamous Chinese paparazzo, Zhuo Wei, who claimed that there was a star with the surname that started with C who joined a Huayi reality show through the recommendation of the show's female cast.
这个问题随后被中国最声名狼藉的狗仔卓伟回答了，他表示，一名C姓男明星，是通过华艺真人秀节目的一名女演员的推荐，从而进入了该节目。
Zhuo stated that while the two of them are really close with each other, they pretended that they didn't know each other too well during the show.
卓伟表示，虽然两人的关系非常亲密，但是他们在节目期间还是装作不熟的样子。
While he didn't disclose the names, many speculated that Zhuo was talking about Angelababy and Chen He.
虽然卓伟没有透露当事人的名字，但是许多人还是猜测他说的是Angelababy和陈赫。
The two stars immediately released a statement, denying the allegations and stated that there is no factual basis to the issue.
这两位明星随后立即发布了一份声明，否认了这一指控，并表示这一问题根本没有事实依据。
They stated that the spread of such rumours without confirmation is considered malicious, and that it has affected their image. Both stars added that legal action will be taken accordingly.
他们表示，没有确认就传播这种谣言是一种恶意行为，已经影响到了他们的形象。两位明星还表示将会采取相应的法律行动。
Chinese actress Yang Ying, better known by her stage name Angelababy, has become the youngest ambassador for WildAid, an environmental organization that focuses on reducing the demand for wildlife products.
中国女演员杨颖--更为人知的是其艺名Angelababy，近日成为美国野生救援组织最年轻的公益大使。该协会是一个重点关注减少野生动物产品需求的环保组织。
While lending a hand to the official launch of the "Protecting Pangolins" campaign in China, Angelababy explains why she thinks this is a worthy cause.
Angelababy参加了在中国开展的“保护穿山甲项目”的新闻发布会，并解释了她为何认为这是一个很有意义的行动。
"Many years ago, people had no idea consuming tusk products and shark fins would actually kill elephants and sharks. With the awareness campaigns over the years, people gained more knowledge and gradually stopped eating and buying those things. At least the people around me mostly know right from wrong now. So I think raising awareness is hugely important."
“很多年以前，人们并不知道消费象牙制品和鱼翅实际上会使大象和鲨鱼死亡。随着近年来人们这方面的意识的提高，对这类知识了解的更多，慢慢地人们不再吃鱼翅、买象牙制品了。至少我周围的人大多都能明辨是非了。所以我认为提高意识是极为重要的。”
Angelababy also admits that prior to her involvement in this campaign, she did not know too much about pangolins, also known as scaly ant-eaters. Four species of the mammal live in Asia, with two in Africa.
Angelababy还透露，在她参加这个活动以前，对穿山甲并没多少了解，也不知道它有个别名叫“食蚁兽”。目前共有四种穿山甲生活在亚洲，另有两种生活在非洲。
"Like you said, pangolins are both familiar and strange to us. I never saw a pangolin with my own eyes, I just knew the name. With this campaign, I got to learn some basic facts about the animal. For example, their scales are not magic medicine that can cure all kinds of diseases. Also, their meat contains parasites, and eating it can actually harm our health."
“正如你们所说的那样，穿山甲对我们来讲，即熟悉又陌生。我从来没有亲眼看到过穿山甲，只是知道这个名字。通过这个活动，我开始了解到关于这种动物的一些基本知识。比如，它的鳞片并不是包治百病的神药，并且，它的肉里含寄生虫，吃穿山甲对身体是有害的。”
Angelababy says it is a great honor to take on the role as the ambassador and give voice to an animal that needs more protection. She calls on all her fans to stop consuming pangolin-related products and help spread the word.
Angelababy表示，自己非常荣幸能担当这一公益大使，并为需要保护的动物代言。此外，她还呼吁粉丝们停止消费与穿山甲相关的产品，并帮助她将这些扩散出去。
A top Chinese actress has had her face examined as part of a high-profile legal case in China, local media report. Actress Angelababy is suing a clinic for defamation after it alleged she had plastic surgery done on her face.
据当地媒体报道，中国著名女演员Angelababy接受了面部检查，这成为了一个令人注目的事件。Angelababy曾起诉一所诊所诽谤其做过脸部整容手术。
Doctors who examined her on Thursday said that her looks were genuine. It came a week after her widely-publicised wedding to actor Huang Xiaoming, who has defended her, saying she "sometimes looks quite ugly".
对她进行检查的医生在周四称，Angelababy的脸并没用进行过整容。这次检查发生在她与演员黄晓明婚礼的一周后，媒体对这场婚礼进行了大幅报道。黄晓明之前也为妻子辩解过，称她有时候看起来真的挺丑的。
A Beijing judge had suggested that her face be examined by medical professionals to certify its authenticity.
一名北京的法官曾建议Angelababy，让专家检查她的脸以证明真实性。
The 26-year-old actress, whose real name is Yeung Wing, went through a series of X-ray scans and tests - which at one stage involved a doctor prodding her face - at a plastic surgery hospital in the capital on Thursday. She was accompanied by notaries public and several journalists.
这名二十六岁的女演员，真名杨颖，于周四在公证人和几名记者的陪伴下，在北京一家医院接受了一系列X光扫描和检查，其中一个步骤是医生用手戳她的脸。
Hospital chief Qi Zuoliang later pronounced her looks to be genuine. "Baby's entire head and facial bones do not have any signs of incisions," he told reporters, using a popular abbreviation of the actress' stage name.
院长齐佐良之后宣布称baby未整容。院长以其艺名简称称呼这名女演员，他告诉记者：“baby全脸及脸部骨骼都没有存在切口的迹象。”
News of her examination dominated discussion on Chinese social network Sina Weibo on Thursday, with many of her fans expressing support.
周四中国社交网站新浪微博上的讨论几乎都是围绕这次检查，baby的很多粉丝表达了支持。
Angelababy, who first shot to fame as a model and actress in Hong Kong, has long been dogged by rumours that she had plastic surgery, with pictures purportedly showing her natural face circulating online in recent years.
Angelababy最初是以香港模特演员的身份出名，一直被整容传闻缠身，据称是她原貌的照片近几年在网上广为流传。
She is suing Beijing beauty clinic Ruili for carrying an article on its website in 2012 alleging that she had plastic surgery, and is seeking 500,000 yuan in compensation.
北京瑞丽美容诊所于2012年在其网站上的一篇文章中指出baby曾整过容。对此，baby对这家诊所进行了起诉并要求50万元赔偿。
She has insisted that her unique looks come from her European heritage - her paternal grandfather was German.
她坚称自己独具一格的外貌特点来自于部分欧洲血统，她的爷爷是德国人。
Angelababy married Huang last Thursday in one of the biggest and most lavish celebrity weddings China had seen, which reportedly cost 200 million yuan.
Angelababy于上周四和黄晓明举行了婚礼，婚礼堪称中国有史以来最大最奢华的明星婚礼之一，据报道该婚礼花费了2亿元人民币。
Huang has previously defended the actress, saying in a 2014 interview: "Actually she sometimes looks quite ugly to me. I'm not an idiot, I definitely can tell she hasn't had plastic surgery, sometimes she doesn't put on make up and she really looks like those ugly pictures of her."
黄晓明在2014年的一次采访中为baby辩解过：“在我看来baby有时候看起来真的挺丑的，我不是傻子，我当然能看出她没整过容，有时她素颜的样子真的很像那些难看的照片。”
重点单词
查看全部解释
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
factor
['f?kt?]
想一想再看
n. 因素，因子
vt. 把 ... 因素包括
联想记忆
X
单词factor 联想记忆：
fact做，制作+or→促使人做的东西→要素；动力
satisfaction
[.s?tis'f?kn]
想一想再看
n. 赔偿，满意，妥善处理，乐事，确信
联想记忆
X
单词satisfaction 联想记忆：
satisfy满足+faction表名词，“达到的状态”，由-fy转化而来→满足
bonus
['b?un?s]
想一想再看
n. 奖金，红利
联想记忆
X
单词bonus 联想记忆：
bon好，us我们－我们的好事－发奖金了，分红利了
survey
[s?:'vei]
想一想再看
v. 调查，检查，测量，勘定，纵览，环视
n.
During the APEC CEO Summit on Wednesday, US President Barack Obama addressed questions to Jack Ma, founder of Alibaba.
18日APEC工商领导人峰会期间，美国总统奥巴马向阿里巴巴创始人马云提出了几个问题。
Obama probed Ma on how he thought government and established businesses could help young entrepreneurs.
奥巴马问马云他认为政府和大公司应该如何帮助年轻的创业者。
"Government is simple - just reduce the tax, or no tax, for these guys," Ma responded.
马云说："政府很简单，减税就好了，或者干脆别对年轻创业者收税。"
"You got a lot of cheers from your fellow CEOs," Obama quipped in response.
奥巴马风趣地回应说："你得到了你CEO同行的欢呼。"
They also addressed the issues of climate change.
奥巴马和马云还就气候变化问题进行了探讨。
Ma said Alibaba had been putting 0.3% of the company's total revenue for the past six years towards encouraging young people to find solutions to climate change and other environmental issues.
马云说，过去六年他们都把公司总营收的千分之三捐献出来，鼓励年轻人找到解决气候变化和其他环境问题的方法。
Asia-Pacific leaders took steps forward on trade and environmental issues at their weekend summit in Russia but their progress was overshadowed by continued diplomatic strains across the region.
亚太领导人上周末在俄罗斯举行峰会，并在贸易和环保等问题上取得进展，但该地区持续的外交紧张局势掩盖了会议成果。
The 21 members of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, or APEC, forum agreed on tariff caps for an extended list of environmental products and vowed not to raise new trade barriers before 2015.
亚太经济合作组织(APEC)21个成员国同意就更多环保产品设定关税上限，并承诺在2015年前不增设新的贸易壁垒。
The meeting of APEC leaders was held in Vladivostok in Russia's far east, as European leaders grapple with ways to contain a sovereign-debt crisis which has eaten into economic growth in that region and sparked concern about a broader global slowdown.
APEC领导人会议在俄罗斯远东区的符拉迪沃斯托克举行，此时欧洲领导人正在想方设法遏制主权债务危机。该危机不仅影响到欧洲地区的经济增长，还引发人们对更广泛的全球经济放缓的担忧。
In a joint declaration released at the end of the summit, APEC members said events in Europe were adversely affecting growth in Asia-Pacific but said they would aim to avoid competitive devaluation of their currencies. Developed economies including the U.S. have urged export-oriented countries in the region, especially China, to support domestic demand by not letting their currencies fall too quickly or out of step with others.
APEC成员国在峰会结束时发表联合声明说，欧洲问题对亚太地区的经济增长产生不利影响，但它们说将力争避免出现成员国货币的竞争性贬值。美国等发达经济体一直敦促亚太区出口导向型国家（特别是中国）支持内需，不要让本国货币的贬值速度过快，或步调与别国不一致。
But despite that show of unity, and Russian President Vladimir Putin calling the agreement on environmental goods an 'important achievement,' the summit was marked by continued tensions over territorial claims, disagreement over the direction of future trade initiatives and security issues in the Middle East.
然而，尽管APEC表现得如此团结，而且俄罗斯总统普京(Vladimir Putin)还把有关环保产品协议称作“重要成就”，但在这次峰会上还是可以看到有关领土争端的持续紧张关系、在未来贸易举措走向方面的分歧以及中东安全问题等。
China President Hu Jintao and Japanese President Yoshihiko Noda held an informal 15-minute discussion Sunday amid rising tensions over a Japanese plan to nationalize in the coming week islands in the East China Sea that China also claims.
中国国家主席胡锦涛和日本首相野田佳彦(Yoshihiko Noda)周日举行了15分钟的非正式会谈。日本打算在本周将位于东中国海(East China Sea，中国称东海)的日中争议岛屿进行国有化，日中双方的紧张局势因此不断加剧。
Although the two sides agreed not to disclose the contents of the meeting, China's state-run news agency Xinhua released a report saying Mr. Hu told Mr. Noda that he was against nationalization of the islands-called Diaoyu by China and Senkaku by Japan-and that he believed the move would be invalid. Japanese officials said the Xinhua report appeared intended to draw attention to the dispute, and worried that China would only become more intransigent over the issue as it approaches a once-in-a-decade leadership transition this fall.
虽然日中双方同意不披露会谈内容，但中国官方通讯社新华社报道说，胡锦涛对野田佳彦说，他反对日本将钓鱼岛（日本称尖阁列岛(Senkaku)）国有化，并说他认为此举是无效的。日本官员说，新华社这篇报道似乎旨在吸引外界对这一争端的关注。他们担心，随着今秋10年一次中国领导人换届选举的临近，中国对这一问题的态度可能会更加强硬。
For China, there was little progress on a separate dispute in the South China Sea, after a planned meeting between Mr. Hu and Philippine President Benigno Aquino III fell through, according to a person familiar with the matter.
在南中国海(South China Sea, 中国称南海)的另一起领土争端中，中国也鲜有进展。知情人士表示，胡锦涛原定与菲律宾总统阿基诺三世(Benigno Aquino III)的会面未能如期举行。
The Russian and U.S. delegations meanwhile remained at loggerheads over the deepening crisis in Syria. Speaking on the sidelines of the forum, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she discussed Syria with Russian officials but managed only limited progress. A new United Nations resolution sought by Russia and aimed at ending the violence in Syria would be pointless if it had 'no teeth,' as Syrian President Bashar al-Assad would ignore it, she said.
与此同时，美俄代表团在日益加深的叙利亚危机问题上仍争执不下。美国国务卿克林顿(Hillary Clinton)在峰会间歇说，她与俄罗斯官员讨论了叙利亚问题，但仅取得了有限进展。她说，如果俄罗斯寻求的、旨在结束叙利亚暴力局面的一项联合国新决议草案没有强制的有效措施的话，决议草案将毫无意义，因为叙利亚总统阿萨德(Bashar al-Assad)将对此视若无睹。
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov rejected U.S. calls for more economic pressure to be placed on Syria, saying at a press briefing: 'In Syria we are not supporting any sanctions because sanctions will not bring about anything.'
俄罗斯外长拉夫罗夫(Sergei Lavrov)反对美国提出的在经济上向叙利亚进一步施压的要求。拉夫罗夫在一个新闻吹风会上说，在叙利亚我们不会支持任何制裁措施，因为制裁不会取得任何成效。
Russia also used the summit as a platform for criticism after the European Commission recently started an antitrust investigation of natural gas giant OAO Gazprom.
俄罗斯还利用此次峰会批评欧盟委员会(European Commission)的做法。欧盟委员会最近开始对俄罗斯天然气巨头OAO Gazprom展开反垄断调查。
In a Sunday speech Mr. Putin accused European leaders of trying to use the company to subsidize what he saw as difficulties in Eastern European economies. Gazprom meets about a quarter of Europe's gas needs.
普京在周日的讲话中指责欧洲领导人试图利用Gazprom来缓解东欧经济体面临的困境。欧洲天然气供应约有四分之一来自Gazprom。
Mr. Putin said Russia's trade-about half of which is with the European Union-is shifting toward the Asia-Pacific region. He contrasted EU countries, which in his view face economic difficulties due to 'excessive social guarantees,' with Asia's growing emerging economies.
普京说，俄罗斯对外贸易（其中约有一半是对欧盟的贸易）开始转向亚太地区。他将欧盟成员国与亚洲不断增长的新兴经济体做了对比。普京认为，欧盟成员国因过度的社会保障而面临困境。
While the various diplomatic rows swirled, questions also were raised about APEC's long-term mission to create a region-wide free-trade zone, as competing trade organizations develop among member states. China, Japan and South Korea are set to begin working on a trade agreement with the Association of Southeast Asian Nations in November, while the U.S. is leading an initiative of its own known as the Trans-Pacific Partnership with Australia, Canada, and Vietnam, among others.
在各种外交争端纷纷扰扰之际，随着成员国间建立相互竞争的贸易组织，峰会上有关APEC计划创建一个全地区范围的自由贸易区的长期任务也提出了疑问。中国、日本和韩国11月将开始与东南亚国家联盟(ASEAN，简称：东盟)协商制定一项贸易协议，而美国将牵头与澳大利亚、加拿大和越南等国加入泛太平洋战略经济伙伴关系协议（简称TPP）的谈判。
Although leaders at the summit generally argued the two agreements were not in competition, the U.S. push for the TPP has alienated some.
尽管与会领导人普遍认为上述两项协议不存在竞争关系，但美国推进TPP之举疏远了一些国家。
The TPP talks were dealt a setback during the summit with Japan deciding not to join the group, primarily because of domestic political concerns as the country heads into election season. Japan however is expected to eventually join the TPP.
在日本即将进入选举季之际，国内的政治担忧情绪从很大程度上使日本决定不加入TPP，围绕TPP的谈判在峰会期间随之受挫。不过，外界预计日本最终将加入TPP。
One bright spot from the meeting was the decision by leaders to sign off on an extended list of 54 environmental goods, which will have tariffs capped at 5% or less by 2015. Just what goods were to be included in the list had been a thorny topic since APEC announced the tariff goals last year.
峰会的一个亮点是与会领导人决定通过扩大后的54类环保产品清单。2015年前，这类产品的关税上限将为5%或更低。自去年峰会宣布了关税目标以来，清单中究竟应该包括哪些产品一直是个争论不休的话题。
The list in the end was expanded 54 items from 25 in one day. While some countries were unable to get all the items they wanted on the list-a person familiar with the matter said Indonesia pushed hard but failed to have crude palm oil included-they nonetheless rated the agreement highly, as it applies to a large industry facing a brewing trade war between member nations China and the U.S.
经过一天的讨论后，清单最终从25类扩大到54类。尽管一些国家不能将自己希望的所有产品都包括在清单中（一位知情人士说，印尼曾力推将毛棕榈油包括在清单内，但没有成功），与会国仍给予了该协议高度评价，因为该协议适用于一个中美两个成员国之间可能爆发贸易战的大型行业。
One senior Japanese trade official said: 'If I had to grade the agreement, I would give it 100 out of 100.'
日本一位高级贸易官员说，如果要让我给协议打分，我会打满分100分。
Thursday night, at the Democratic National Convention, President Barack Obama accepted his party's nomination for a second term.
周四晚，奥巴马总统在民主党全国代表大会上接受了第二任期的党内提名。
BARACK OBAMA: "If you believe in a country where everyone gets a fair shot and everyone does their fair share and everybody plays by the same rules, then I need your vote in November!"
奥巴马：“如果你崇尚这样一个国家，每个人都能得到公平的机会，每个人都贡献自己的一份力量，每个人都遵守相同的规则，那么请在11月投票支持我。”
Mr. Obama said he supports the middle class while Republican nominee Mitt Romney favors the wealthy. He said the differences between them give voters "the clearest choice of any time in a generation."
奥巴马先生表示，他支持中产阶级，而共和党总统候选人米特·罗姆尼（Mitt Romney）偏袒富人。他说，他俩的差异给了选民“这一代人面临的最清楚的选择。”
"Over the next few years," he said, "big decisions will be made in Washington on jobs, the economy, taxes and deficits, energy, education, war and peace." And he added, those decisions "will have a huge impact on our lives and on our children's lives for decades to come."
他说，“在今后的几年，华盛顿将在就业、经济、税收和赤字、能源、教育、和平与战争上做出重大抉择。”他补充说，这些决定将会对我们的生活以及几十年后我们子孙后代的生活产生重大的影响。”
Mr. Obama told the convention in Charlotte, North Carolina, that he was mindful of his "failings."
奥巴马先生在北卡罗莱纳州夏洛特市的民主党全国代表大会上表示，他注意到了自己的失败。
BARACK OBAMA: "But know this, America. Our problems can be solved. Our challenges can be met. The path we offer may be harder, but it leads to a better place. And I'm asking you to choose that future."
奥巴马：“但大家要知道，我们的问题是可以解决的，我们的挑战是可以应对的，我们所提供的道路也许是艰难的，但是将会给我们带来更好的未来，希望大家能够选择这样的未来。”
On foreign policy, he said that "for all the progress we've made, challenges remain."
在外交政策上，他说“我们取得了进展，但挑战依然存在。”
BARACK OBAMA: "Terrorist plots must be disrupted. Europe's crisis must be contained. Our commitment to Israel's security must not waver, and neither must our pursuit of peace. "
奥巴马：“恐怖阴谋必须被打破，欧洲危机必须被遏制，我们对以色列安全的承诺和绝不能动摇，对和平的追求也永不放弃。”
What did delegates think after the speech?
代表们在奥巴马演讲结束后怎么想呢？
DELEGATES: "I do think he's going to win the important states, maybe by squeakers, but that's all that it takes!" "We are very confident as Democrats as to what's ahead of us, and we are confident as to what we must do, and we are confident as to what we know is going to happen, so we're happy. I'm excited."
与会代表们表示，“我认为他会赢得重要州的投票，可能会险胜，但获胜最重要！”“我们民主党人对摆在面前的一切非常有信心，我们对我们必须做的有信心，对我们知道将会发生的也有信心。所以我们很高兴，我很兴奋。”
Mr. Obama spoke after Vice President Joe Biden accepted the Democratic nomination for a second term. Mr. Biden offered two examples that he said showed the president's bravery. One was approving the operation that killed al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden. The other was deciding to rescue the American auto industry.
奥巴马是在副总统乔·拜登接受第二任期的党内提名后作出的发言。拜登先生举出了两个他说显示了奥巴马总统勇气的例子。一个例子是批准消灭基地组织领导人本·拉登的行动。另一个例子是决定拯救美国汽车产业。
JOE BIDEN: "We can now proudly say what you have heard me say the last six months: Osama bin Laden is dead and General Motors is alive!"
拜登：“我们现在可以自豪地说出过去六个月你们经常听我说到的：本·拉登死了，通用汽车还活着！”
On Wednesday night, former President Bill Clinton urged Americans to elect Mr. Obama to another four years.
周三晚上，前总统比尔·克林顿（Bill Clinton）督促美国人再次投票给奥巴马。
BILL CLINTON: "We believe that 'we're all in this together' is a far better philosophy than 'you are on your own.'"
克林顿：“我们认为，‘团结一致’比‘自私自利’更好。”
MICHELLE OBAMA: "Barack knows the American Dream because he's lived it."
米歇尔·奥巴马：“巴拉克（奥巴马总统）了解美国梦，因为他就实现了美国梦。”
On Tuesday, Michelle Obama spoke to the delegates on the first night of the convention.
周二，米歇尔·奥巴马在民主党全国代表大会的首晚向代表们作了发言。
MICHELLE OBAMA: "For Barack, success isn't about how much money you make. It's about the difference you make in people's lives."
米歇尔·奥巴马：“对巴拉克来说，成功不是赚了多少钱，而是给人们的生活带来改变。”
For the first time a Latino gave one of the major speeches at the Democratic convention. Julian Castro is the mayor of San Antonio, Texas, and a son of Mexican immigrants.
一名拉丁美洲人首次在民主党全国代表大会上做出了重大演讲。朱利安·卡斯特罗（Julian Castro）是德克萨斯州圣安东尼奥市的市长，也是一名墨西哥移民之子。
JULIAN CASTRO: "When it comes to getting the middle class back to work, Mitt Romney says, 'No.' When it comes to respecting women's rights, Mitt Romney says, 'No.'"
卡斯特罗：“当提到中产阶级再就业，罗姆尼说不；当提到尊重妇女权利，罗姆尼还说不。”
The election is November sixth. Opinion surveys have being showing a close race.
大选在11月6日。民意调查显示选情胶着。
On Friday morning, the government released the jobs report for August. It showed that the economy added just ninety-six thousand jobs. The unemployment rate remained above eight percent for the forty-third month in a row.
周五早上，美国政府发布了8月份的就业报告。报告显示美国经济只增加9.6万个就业岗位。失业率连续43个月维持8%以上。
Mitt Romney, on a campaign visit to Iowa, said the report shows that Mr. Obama "hasn't lived up to his promises and his policies haven't worked."
罗姆尼在爱荷华州的竞选活动上称，这份报告表明奥马巴先生“未能兑现他的承诺，他的政策也未奏效。”
Mr. Obama, campaigning in New Hampshire, said the report was "not good enough." But he noted that the economy has added jobs for the past thirty months. It was losing eight hundred thousand jobs a month when he took office.
奥巴马在新罕布什尔州的竞选活动中表示，这份报告不够好。但他指出，美国经济已连续30个月增加了就业机会，而在他就任总统时，美国经济每月失去80万个就业机会。
US President Barack Obama took time off at an Asia-Pacific meeting on Wednesday for an unusual task -- putting questions to Chinese internet billionaire Jack Ma and a young Filipina entrepreneur on government-business ties in a panel discussion.
本周三，美国总统奥巴马在亚太会议上会见了中国互联网大亨马云和一名菲律宾年轻企业家，他们就政府和商业之间的关系展开了不同寻常的讨论。
Obama joked comfortably with the founder and executive chairman of Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, which is looking to make inroads into foreign markets, including the United States.
奥巴马和阿里巴巴的创始人及董事长马云打趣称，阿里巴巴可以在美国和其他一些国家寻求出路。
During the discussion on the sidelines of the Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila, the US president probed Ma on how he thought government and established businesses could help young entrepreneurs.
这次APEC（亚太经合组织）峰会在马尼拉举行，美国总统奥巴马和马云探讨如何让政府和企业帮助更多的年轻的企业家。
"Government is simple - just reduce the tax, or no tax, for these guys," Ma responded, to a wave of laughter and applause from the audience of business executives.
“这对于政府很简单，政府只需要减少税收或者不收税，这就对这些企业家大有帮助。”马云回答道，引来场下商业人士阵阵欢笑和掌声。
Ma's remarks come as Alibaba works to invest heavily in ventures abroad. Executives have said its push beyond the China market is a top priority, as the company works to maintain its rapid growth. Alibaba has said some of its larger overseas markets include Brazil and Russia.
马云说道阿里巴巴将会大力扩大海外投资。一些商业人士表示，阿里巴巴要保持其快速的成长速度，扩大其海外公司的扩张是极其重要的。阿里巴巴表示其最大的海外市场包括巴西和俄罗斯。
Obama also praised the relatively unknown Filipina entrepreneur, Aisa Mijeno, a professor of engineering who invented a lamp powered by salt water. He suggested that Ma should invest in the company of his fellow panellist after she said she was looking for funding to mass-produce the lamps.
奥巴马称赞了一位并不出名的菲律宾企业家Mijeno，他也是一名工程教授。他发明了用盐水来供电的电灯。奥巴马建议马云应该投资这家公司并寻求资金大规模生产这样的台灯。
Ma added that he thought it was a "fantastic idea" to invest in clean technology, referring to a recent conversation in which Microsoft Corp co-founder Bill Gates broached the idea.
马云表示，投资洁净科技这是个非常好的方法，这也是最近微软创始人比尔盖茨非常赞同的观点。
Apple’s new mobile payments service has been blocked by US stores including CVS and Rite Aid that have signed up to a rival wallet app, setting the stage for a showdown between the technology giant and some of the largest US retailers.
苹果(Apple)新推出的移动支付服务已被CVS和Rite Aid等商店禁用，这些商店已经订立合约使用其他钱包应用，至此，美国一些大型零售商与科技巨人苹果已做好了一决胜负的准备。
The two pharmacy chains are part of a consortium called the Merchant Customer Exchange (MCX), which includes Walmart and Best Buy, the electronics retailer, that plans to introduce an alternative mobile payments system called CurrentC in the coming months.
这两家药店连锁店加入了Merchant Customer Exchange(MCX)联盟，该联盟打算在未来几个月内引入CurrentC移动支付系统。联盟成员包括沃尔玛(Walmart)和电器零售商百思买(Best Buy)。
“Given that we are still in the process of evaluating our mobile payment options, Rite Aid does not currently accept Apple Pay,” the company said. “We are continually evaluating various forms of mobile payment technologies, and are committed to offering convenient, reliable and secure payment methods that meet the needs of our customers.”
“鉴于我们仍在评估移动支付可选方案， Rite Aid目前不会接受Apple Pay，”Rite Aid称。“我们正继续评估不同形式的移动支付技术，致力于提供满足客户需求的便利、可靠和安全的支付方式。”
CVS said its stores “cannot accept Apple Pay or other mobile payments that use NFC technology. We are in the process of evaluating mobile payment options for our customers.”
CVS表示，其商店“不接受Apple Pay等采用近场通讯(NFC)技术的移动支付方式。我们正替客户评估不同的移动支付可选方案。”
An Apple representative said that “one big advantage” was that the service used standard NFC technology, ensuring widespread compatibility.
一名苹果代表说，Apple Pay的“一个重大优势”是该服务使用了能确保广泛兼容性的标准NFC技术。
Apple has said that more than 220,000 stores in the US would accept its payment service, including many that are not listed among its launch partners, such as Walgreens, Foot Locker and Macy’s.
苹果表示，美国逾22万家商店将接受其支付服务，包括Walgreens、Foot Locker和Macy’s等不属于其初始合作伙伴的商店。
Gerry Granovsky, payments analyst at Moody’s, said the move by CVS and Rite Aid was a sign that the mobile wallet industry was “getting closer to the finality of the battle lines being drawn”, after previous efforts from mobile operators, Google and PayPal.
穆迪(Moody’s)支付业务分析师格里?格拉诺夫斯基(Gerry Granovsky)表示，CVS和Rite Aid的做法表明，在移动运营商、谷歌(Google)和贝宝(PayPal)的先期努力之后，移动钱包行业“正在接近划定最终战线的时刻”。
“When [CurrentC] launches we think that's probably the last entry into the field – that will really start the battle,” he said.
他说：“当(CurrentC)启动时，我们认为那可能是进入该领域的最后一款服务，那时战斗将会真正打响。”
Turning off support for Apple Pay also means that other contactless payment services, including Google Wallet, can no longer function.
关掉对Apple Pay的支付，也意味着谷歌钱包(Google Wallet)等非接触式支付服务将不能再运行。
Mr Granovsky said the decision could harm companies on all sides of the market, by frustrating iPhone owners and making them go back to using plastic credit cards, while also running the risk of angering the relatively small number of early-adopters of the new technology.
格拉诺夫斯基说，禁用Apple Pay的决定可能伤害市场各方的利益——打消iPhone用户的积极性，迫使他们回去使用塑料信用卡，同时也可能令这一新技术的少量早期接受者感到愤怒。
One week after its debut, Apple’s new mobile wallet is showing promise with consumers.
亮相一周后，苹果(Apple)的全新移动钱包在吸引消费者方面展现了美好前景。
Apple’s rivals in the payments industry, meanwhile, are scrambling to prevent it from being too successful.
与此同时，苹果在支付业的竞争对手正在紧急行动起来，设法阻止它变得太成功。
Even before Apple Pay was announced, a coalition of retailers refused to accept it in their stores. More than 50 companies make up this group, the so-called Merchant Customer Exchange or MCX, including global retail giants like Walmart, Best Buy and Gap Inc.
在苹果宣布要推出Apple Pay之前，一个零售商联盟已经拒绝在其门店中接受它了。这个名为“商家客户交易”（Merchant Customer Exchange，简称MCX）的组织有50多家公司成员，包括沃尔玛(Walmart)、百思买(Best Buy)和Gap等全球零售业巨头。
It’s not that these companies don’t want a mobile wallet to truly catch on with consumers. They see the mobile wallet as a way to help retailers understand more about their customers’ shopping habits and, potentially, let merchants avoid the high fees they pay when processing credit card transactions.
这些公司并非不想要一个能真正吸引消费者的移动钱包。在它们看来，移动钱包是一种帮助零售商更好地了解顾客购物习惯的办法，并且有可能让商户规避信用卡交易中需要缴纳的高额费用。
But they are working on building a competitor, CurrentC, a mobile wallet app that will connect directly to customers’ bank accounts or store-specific credit card. It won’t be available until 2015.
但是它们在开发一种和Apple Pay相抗衡的移动钱包应用CurrentC，这种应用会直接和顾客的银行账号或针对具体商户的信用卡绑定。它至少要到2015年才能推出。
The problem is that under the terms of their MCX contractual agreement, they are not supposed to accept competing mobile payments products like Apple Pay, according to multiple retailers involved with MCX, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. If these retailers break their contracts, they will face steep fines for doing so, these people said.
问题是，据多家属于MCX的零售商称，根据MCX的合同规定，他们是不可以接受Apple Pay这种竞争对手的移动支付产品的，这些商家要求在本文中匿名。他们说，一旦违反合同规定，会遭到高额罚款。
Since Apple Pay was introduced a week ago, consumers have tried to use it in MCX members like Rite Aid and CVS. So those businesses have disabled the technology that supports Apple Pay.
Apple Pay是一周前推出的，自那以后有消费者试图在Rite Aid和CVS等MCX会员商户使用它。这些商户因此已经禁用了支持Apple Pay的技术。
For weeks, Walmart and Best Buy have said they will not support Apple’s payments product. And Target, which has partnered with Apple for online payments, does not accept Apple Pay in its stores.
几周来沃尔玛和百思买一直在说，他们不会支持苹果的支付产品。在在线支付上与苹果有合作的塔吉特(Target)，在其门店是不接受Apple Pay的。
At stake is the future of how consumers choose to pay for things, with technology companies, credit card businesses and retailers all fighting for a piece of what may become a $90 billion mobile payments market, according to projections from Forrester.
此事关乎消费者支付方式的未来，据弗雷斯特(Forrester)的预计，移动支付将形成一个900亿美元（约合5506亿元人民币）的市场，科技公司、信用卡商家和零售商都希望能分得一勺羹。
But the clock is ticking. If Apple Pay becomes a hit, MCX member retailers still waiting on CurrentC to begin could miss out on untold mobile payment transactions. Merchants also risk customer resentment if they continue to refuse Apple Pay. And if Apple Pay catches on, consumers may not be interested in a competing product.
但是时间不等人。如果Apple Pay大获成功，还在等CurrentC的MCX零售商成员错过的移动支付交易是难以估量的。如果商户继续拒绝Apple Pay，还有可能招致顾客的怨恨。而一旦Apple Pay普及起来，消费者可能就不会想去尝试与之竞争的产品了。
“These retailers are in a real jam,” said Karen Webster, chief executive of Market Platform Dynamics, a payments industry consulting firm. “The last thing merchants want is ticking off their consumers over payment,” Ms. Webster said.
“这些零售商有大麻烦了，”支付业咨询公司市场平台动态(Market Platform Dynamics)首席执行官凯伦·韦伯斯特(Karen Webster)说。“因为付款方式的问题惹怒顾客是商家最不愿意看到的事。”
First announced in 2012, CurrentC is an effort by merchants to build their ideal mobile wallet. CurrentC is designed to link directly to a customer’s bank account instead of a credit card. This is a strategic move, analysts say; in bypassing the credit card companies, merchants can avoid the high fees that they are required to pay on each credit transaction they process.
将推出CurrentC的消息是2012年宣布的，此举的意图是打造一种商家的理想移动钱包。按照CurrentC的设计，应用是和顾客的银行账户直接联接的，而不是信用卡。分析人士说，这是一个战略举措；绕过信用卡公司后，商户可以避开每次进行信用交易时产生的高额费用。
“Retailers are looking for a combination of factors to adopt in stores,” said Mallory Duncan, senior vice president of the National Retail Federation, a retail advocacy group. “And that includes if it delivers a good price to hold down costs for them and their customers.”
“零售商在寻找一种门店需考虑的各项因素的组合，”零售倡导组织美国零售联合会(National Retail Federation)高级副总裁莫罗伊·邓肯(Mallory Duncan)说。“这其中包括它是否能给一个好价钱，帮商户和顾客降低成本。”
CurrentC would also give retailers the ability to track shopping habits across the dozens of stores that belong to MCX, a data set that has traditionally been held by credit card companies, not merchants. If retailers had access to this data, it could be used to deliver relevant deals and loyalty points to consumers, which could increase these companies’ bottom lines.
CurrentC还让商家可以对顾客在MCX旗下所有商户的购物习惯进行跟踪，这组数据通常是由信用卡公司而非商家掌握的。如果零售商能拿到这个数据，就可以用它来推出定位准确的促销活动和积分，从而有望增加公司的收入。
That could also amount to in-store experiences centered on the smartphone, an area in which Walmart, one of the biggest partners in MCX, has increasingly dabbled in recent years.
同时它还可能营造一种以智能手机为中心的购物体验，作为MCX最大的合作伙伴之一，沃尔玛近年来一直在试水这个领域。
“MCX is studying how to make sure all of the things that a customer wants to do in a store can be facilitated in a conscious way,” said Steve Mott, owner of BetterBuyDesign, a payments industry consulting firm.
“MCX正在研究如何有意识地让顾客在一个商店里做的所有事都便利起来，”支付业咨询公司BetterBuyDesign所有人史蒂夫·莫特(Steve Mott)说。
Unlike Apple Pay, CurrentC is months away from beginning. When it is finally introduced, there is no guarantee it will take off.
和Apple Pay不同的是，CurrentC还要再过数月才能启用。即使等到最终推出，也不能保证会普及起来。
Critics of CurrentC say it appears much more difficult to use than Apple Pay. Instead of contactless payment technology, CurrentC will rely on QR codes, a type of bar code that merchants scan to complete the transaction. It will also be an app that users must find and download from Apple’s App store.
对CurrentC持批评态度的人说，它看起来比Apple Pay难用很多。CurrentC没有使用无需接触的支付技术，而是依靠QR码，商家通过扫描这种条形码来完成交易。同时它也是一个应用，用户必须到苹果的应用商店上找到并下载它。
Apple Pay, on the other hand, relies on so-called near-field communication technology built into every iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus. In contrast to using CurrentC, customers are not required to open an app or even unlock their iPhones when using Apple Pay.
而Apple Pay则依靠所有iPhone 6和iPhone 6 Plus内置的所谓近场通讯技术。和CurrentC不同的是，顾客在使用Apple Pay时不必打开一个应用，甚至不用把他们的iPhone解锁。
Mobile payments are still very young in commerce and shopping. In 2013, mobile proximity payments in the United States amounted to $1.6 billion, according to eMarketer, an industry research firm. That is but a fraction of the $4.26 trillion spent in brick-and-mortar stores that year.
移动支付在商贸和购物领域仍然是个新鲜事物。产业研究公司eMarketer的数据显示，2013年美国的近距离移动支付总额为16亿美元。相比当年实体商铺内支付总额的4.26万亿美元只是个零头。
And while many industry experts expect mobile payments to rise over the next five years, there is no guarantee that consumers will find mobile wallets any more convenient than paying with cash or a credit card. Google’s payments product, Google Wallet, famously flopped after its introduction in 2011. PayPal’s mobile wallet options have failed to truly catch on as well.
虽然很多业界专家预计移动支付在未来五年里会有增长，但消费者是否会认为移动钱包比现金或信用卡更便利，却很难说。谷歌(Google)在2011年推出的支付产品Google Wallet是个著名的失败案例。贝宝(PayPal)的移动钱包方案也没能真正普及起来。
Still, many say they believe that if any company is able to widely influence consumer behavior, it’s Apple. And if that is the case, MCX may have picked the wrong mobile wallet to back.
不过，很多人还是认为，如果说有什么公司能对消费行为产生深远影响的话，那就是苹果了。如果真是如此，MCX可能支持了一个错误的移动钱包。
“When these contracts were signed several years ago, no one knew about Apple Pay, or what mobile wallets were going to look like,” Ms. Webster said. “It just didn’t have the same sort of consumer froth around it.”
“几年前签这些合同的时候，大家都不知道有Apple Pay，也不知道移动钱包应该是个什么样子，”韦伯斯特说。“CurrentC可是没有这种让消费者热议的魅力。”
It took three days — three long, often confusing and frustrating days — for me to fall for the Apple Watch. But once I fell, I fell hard.
我用了三天，漫长的、时常感到困惑和沮丧的三天，才爱上Apple Watch。但一旦爱上了，就爱得颇为深沉。
First there was a day to learn the device’s initially complex user interface. Then another to determine how it could best fit it into my life. And still one more to figure out exactly what Apple’s first major new product in five years is trying to do — and, crucially, what it isn’t.
首先，用了一天时间来学习这款设备的用户界面，它一开始有些复杂。然后又用了一天确定如何对它进行最佳设置，以适合我的生活。还要用一天来弄明白，作为苹果(Apple)五年来推出的首款重要的新产品，它试图实现什么，以及更为关键的——它不打算实现什么。
It was only on Day 4 that I began appreciating the ways in which the elegant $650 computer on my wrist was more than just another screen. By notifying me of digital events as soon as they happened, and letting me act on them instantly, without having to fumble for my phone, the Watch became something like a natural extension of my body — a direct link, in a way that I’ve never felt before, from the digital world to my brain. The effect was so powerful that people who’ve previously commented on my addiction to my smartphone started noticing a change in my behavior; my wife told me that I seemed to be getting lost in my phone less than in the past. She found that a blessing.
到第四天时，我才开始体会它的好处，我手腕上这款650美元（约合4000元人民币）、外形典雅的电脑并非只是又一块显示屏那么简单。它能把刚刚发生的数码事件第一时间通知给我，让我做出及时的应对，但又不用去摸手机，这样一来，它就成了我身体的自然延伸，以一种我以前从未感觉到的方式，将数码世界和我的大脑直接连接在了一起。这种影响如此之大，以致于之前曾说我痴迷于智能手机的人，都开始注意到了我的行为变化；我妻子对我说，我似乎不像过去那么沉迷于手机了。她认为这是上天的恩赐。
The Apple Watch is far from perfect, and, starting at $350 and going all the way up to $17,000, it isn’t cheap. Though it looks quite smart, with a selection of stylish leather and metallic bands that make for a sharp departure from most wearable devices, the Apple Watch works like a first-generation device, with all the limitations and flaws you’d expect of brand-new technology.
Apple Watch远非完美，并且不便宜，从350美元起，扶摇直上可以到1.7万美元。尽管看起上去相当漂亮，选用了时尚的皮革和金属腕带，并由此显得与大部分可穿戴设备截然不同，但Apple Watch的表现还是像个第一代设备，有着人们对一项全新的技术所能猜到的一切制约和缺陷。
What’s more, unlike previous breakthrough Apple products, the Watch’s software requires a learning curve that may deter some people. There’s a good chance it will not work perfectly for most consumers right out of the box, because it is best after you fiddle with various software settings to personalize use. Indeed, to a degree unusual for a new Apple device, the Watch is not suited for tech novices. It is designed for people who are inundated with notifications coming in through their phones, and for those who care to think about, and want to try to manage, the way the digital world intrudes on their lives.
此外，不同于之前具有突破意义的苹果产品，Watch的软件要求用户经历一个学习过程，这一点可能会阻碍一些人。对大部分消费者来说，Watch不是那种买来就能完美使用的东西，因为只有在用户通过拨弄各种软件设置，进行完个性化定制后，它才会处于最佳状态。实际上Watch不太适合科技新手，这一点的严重程度，是在以往的苹果新产品中不多见的。它的设计，面向的是被手机通知淹没的人，或是愿意去思考数码世界对生活的打扰，并试图去管理它的人。
Still, even if it’s not yet for everyone, Apple is on to something with the device. The Watch is just useful enough to prove that the tech industry’s fixation on computers that people can wear may soon bear fruit. In that way, using the Apple Watch over the last week reminded me of using the first iPhone. Apple’s first smartphone was revolutionary not just because it did what few other phones could do, but also because it showed off the possibilities of a connected mobile computer. As the iPhone and its copycats became more powerful and ubiquitous, the mobile computer became the basis of a wide range of powerful new tech applications, from messaging to ride-sharing to payments.
然而，即便并非为所有人准备，苹果在这款设备上还是摸索到了一些东西。Watch的实用性已经足以证明，科技业对可穿戴电脑的迷恋，可能很快就会结出果实了。在这一点上，过去一周使用Apple Watch的经历，让我想起了用第一款iPhone时的情景。苹果的第一款智能手机具有革命性的意义，不仅是因为它做到了鲜有其他手机能做到的事情，还因为它显示出了联网的移动电脑的可能性。随着iPhone及其追随者变得越来越强大和普及，这种移动电脑成了强大新技术的广泛应用的基础，无论是即时通讯，拼车服务，还是支付应用。
Similarly, the most exciting thing about the Apple Watch isn’t the device itself, but the new tech vistas that may be opened by the first mainstream wearable computer. On-body devices have obvious uses in health care and payments. As the tech analyst Tim Bajarin has written, Apple also seems to be pushing a vision of the Watch as a general-purpose remote control for the real world, a nearly bionic way to open your hotel room, board a plane, call up an Uber or otherwise have the physical world respond to your desires nearly automatically.
同理，Apple Watch最令人兴奋之处不在于设备本身，而是在于它作为第一款主流可穿戴电脑可能开辟的科技新天地。穿戴在身体上的设备显然可以在医疗和支付领域大有作为。正如科技分析师蒂姆·巴加林(Tim Bajarin)在文章中所写的那样，苹果似乎还在推动这样一种设想的实现：把手表作为真实世界里的一款多功能遥控器，一种几近用意念一般打开酒店房门、登机、叫车的方式，让物理世界能接近自动地回应自己的愿望。
These situations suggest that the Watch may push us to new heights of collective narcissism. Yet in my week with the device, I became intrigued by the opposite possibility — that it could address some of the social angst wrought by smartphones. The Apple Watch’s most ingenious feature is its “taptic engine,” which alerts you to different digital notifications by silently tapping out one of several distinct patterns on your wrist. As you learn the taps over time, you will begin to register some of them almost subconsciously: incoming phone calls and alarms feel throbbing and insistent, a text feels like a gentle massage from a friendly bumblebee, and a coming calendar appointment is like the persistent pluck of a harp. After a few days, I began to get snippets of information from the digital world without having to look at the screen — or, if I had to look, I glanced for a few seconds rather than minutes.
这些情景表明，这款手表可能会把我们带向集体自恋的新高度。然而，在我使用这款设备的一个星期里，我开始思考相反的可能性——它也可能会解决智能手机带来的社交忧虑。Apple Watch的最巧妙的功能是“轻拍引擎”——通过用不同的模式轻拍你的手腕，提醒你关注不同的数字化通知。当你逐渐熟悉了这些提醒的区别后，它们会在你的潜意识里留下深刻印象：来电和提醒是急促连续的跳动，短信提醒像是一个友好的大黄蜂的温柔按摩，行事历安排像是不断地拨弄一把竖琴。几天之后，我不需要看屏幕就可以获得来自数码世界的信息提醒了——或者，如果我需要看的话，也只需花上几秒钟扫一眼，而不是好几分钟。
If such on-body messaging systems become more pervasive, wearable devices can become more than a mere flashy accessory to the phone. The Apple Watch could usher in a transformation of social norms just as profound as those we saw with its brother, the smartphone — except, amazingly, in reverse.
如果这种穿戴在身体上的消息系统更加普遍，可穿戴设备就不光是手机的一种酷炫的配件。Apple Watch可以引入一场智能手机曾经引发的那种深刻的社会规范变革，只不过是向相反的方向，这让人喜出望外。
For now, the dreams are hampered by the harsh realities of a new device. The Watch is not an iPhone on your wrist. It has a different set of input mechanisms — there’s the digital crown, a knob used for scrolling and zooming, and a touch screen that can be pressed down harder for extra options. There is no full on-screen keyboard, so outbound messages are confined to a set of default responses, emoji and, when you’re talking to other Watch users, messages that you can draw or tap.
目前，这些梦想在一款新设备的严峻现实前被压抑了。这款手表并不是手腕上的iPhone。它的输入机制不同——它有一个数字表冠，即用来滑动和放大屏幕的旋钮，还有一个可以通过增大按压力度调出其他选项的触屏。Apple Watch没有可以显示在屏幕上的全键盘，因此它发出的信息仅限于一系列默认回复和表情符号。当你与其他Apple Watch用户沟通时，还可以画图或轻拍。
The Watch also relies heavily on voice dictation and the voice assistant Siri, which is more useful on your wrist than on your phone, but still just as hit-or-miss. I grew used to calling on Siri to set kitchen timers or reminders while I was cooking, or to look up the weather while I was driving. And I also grew used to her getting these requests wrong almost as often as she got them right.
这款手表还严重依赖语音指令和语音助手Siri，后者在手表上比在手机上用处更大 ，但也很不稳定。我越来越习惯于在烹饪的时候用苹果语音助手Siri来设置厨房的定时器或提醒设备，或是在开车时用它来查看天气。而且我也越来越习惯她犯错的频率几乎与做对的频率一样高。
The Watch also has a completely different software design from a smartphone. Though it has a set of apps, interactions are driven more by incoming notifications as well as a summary view of some apps, known as glances. But because there isn’t much room on the watch’s screen for visual cues indicating where you are — in an app, a notification or a glance — in the early days, you’ll often find yourself lost, and something that works in one place won’t work in another.
它也拥有与智能手机完全不同的软件设计。尽管它有一系列应用程序，但互动主要来自收到的通知和一些应用程序的摘要视图——这种功能被称作“glance”（瞥一眼）。但是，由于目前手表屏幕上没有太多空间用来放置能说明你所处位置——在应用程序、通知还是“瞥一眼”中——的视觉线索，你经常会发现自己迷了路，而且有些东西在一个地方起作用，但在另一个地方就会失效。
Finding nirvana with the watch involves adjusting your notification settings on your phone so that your wrist does not constantly buzz with information that doesn’t make sense on the Watch — like Facebook status updates, messages from Snapchat, or every single email about brownies in the office kitchen. Apple’s notification settings have long been unduly laborious; battling them while your hand is buzzing off the hook is an extra level of discomfort.
要想对这只手表驾轻就熟，还需要调整你手机上的通知设置，这样你的手腕才不会因为手表上毫无意义的信息而不停震动——比如Facebook状态更新、来自Snapchat的信息，以及每一封电子邮件——包括那些关于办公室厨房里的布朗尼蛋糕的。苹果的通知设置一直过于繁复；在与它们对抗的同时，你的手还在不停地震动，更是令人不适。
Other problems: Third-party apps are mostly useless right now. The Uber app didn’t load for me, the Twitter app is confusing and the app for Starwood hotels mysteriously deleted itself and then hung up on loading when I reinstalled it. In the end, though, it did let me open a room at the W Hotel in Manhattan just by touching the watch face to the door.
其他问题：目前第三方应用程序基本没用。Uber的应用程序无法载入，Twitter令人疑惑，喜达屋(Starwood)酒店的应用程序曾莫名其妙地自行删除，当我重新安装时，它又一直停留在加载状态。不过最后，它还是让我在曼哈顿的W酒店打开了房间，方法就是用表面触碰房门。
I also used the Watch to pay for New York cabs and groceries at Whole Foods, and to present my boarding pass to security agents at the airport. When these encounters worked, they were magical, like having a secret key to unlock the world right on my arm. What’s most thrilling about the Apple Watch, unlike other smartwatches I’ve tried, is the way it invests a user with a general sense of empowerment. If Google brought all of the world’s digital information to our computers, and the iPhone brought it to us everywhere, the Watch builds the digital world directly into your skin. It takes some time getting used to, but once it clicks, this is a power you can’t live without.
我还用它在纽约支付了打车费，在全食超市(Whole Foods)结账，并向机场安检人员展示了我的登机牌。当它在这些事情中起作用时，就有种神奇的感觉，好像我的胳膊上就有一把能开启这个世界的密钥一样。关于Apple Watch，最令人兴奋的一点就是，与我尝试过的其他智能手表不同，它能使用户获得一种被赋予能力的感觉。如果说谷歌(Google)把世界上所有的数字信息放到了电脑上，iPhone又使我们能随处查看这些信息，Apple Watch则直接把这个数码世界嵌入到你的皮肤里。要适应这一切还需要一些时间，但是一旦适应，你就会获得一种不可或缺的力量。
The New York Times announced last week that it had created “one-sentence stories” for the Apple Watch, so let me end this review with a note that could fit on the watch’s screen: The first Apple Watch may not be for you — but someday soon, it will change your world.
《纽约时报》上周宣布，它为Apple Watch创造了“一句话报道”，所以让我用一句可以放在手表屏幕上的话来结束这篇评论：Apple Watch刚开始可能不适合你——但是在不久的未来，它将改变你的世界。
Apple made its case for consumers to buy its forthcoming smartwatch, positioning the device as a way to handle the brief interactions that fill our days, from meeting reminders to short messages to calling for a car。
苹果公司发布了新款智能手表以促使消费者购买，并把手表的功能定位与为提供便捷的客户处理日常与他人互动途径，从一般的会议提醒功能到短信召唤车子。
Other technology companies have introduced smartwatches in recent years, but they've failed to gain widespread adoption because consumers struggled to find a compelling use for the devices。
其他的技术公司也在近年引进了智能手表，但这些公司并没有获取广泛的关注，因为消费者挣扎于是否能够找到一个驱使他们使用这些设备的功能。
Apple hopes to change all that with a tool that presents users with bite-size chunks of information and saves people from the hassle of reaching into a bag or pocket for a phone, while offering new ways to communicate through taps and vibrations。
苹果希望改变设备中以比特大小信息块驱使用户从口袋里摸索手机的现状，通过点击屏幕和振动的形式实现用户之间的沟通。
"Apple Watch can be an incredibly rich and an integral part of your life, " chief executive Tim Cook told a media briefing in San Francisco. "Apple Watch is the most personal device we have ever created."
“苹果手表将会成为你生活中最丰富且不可缺少一部分”，苹果执行长库克在旧金山的媒体发布会中说道，“苹果手表是我们创造过的产品中最人性化的设备。”
Apple said "thousands" of apps had been developed for the watch, and showed off apps from WeChat, Major League Baseball, American Airlines, Instagram and Uber。
苹果公司表示，“成千上万”的手机应用专门为这款手表而设计，并展示了其中的微信，美国职棒大联盟，美国航班，instagram和优步软件。
Apple said the watch will be available in a wide range of designs and prices, from $US349 to $US17,000 for gold-cased versions of the most expensive model, Apple Watch Edition. Apple said the variety aims to reflect the personal nature of the device。
苹果公司表示，这款手表将会以大众都可接受的设计和价格面世，从349美元到17,000美元，以金环版本为最昂贵的款式。苹果还表示，设计不同的款式在于反映设备的人性化本质。
For the Apple Watch Sport with an aluminum casing, Apple said prices will start at $US349 to $US399 depending on the size of the face. The stainless steel Apple Watch starts at $US549 to $US599. The high-end Apple Watch Edition starts at $US10,000, making it one of the most expensive products Apple has ever sold。
至于铝金属表壳版的Apple Watch，苹果表示价格将根据手表表面的设计定在349美元至399美元。不锈钢表壳则从549美元至599美元不等。而Apple Watch Edition为定制版，从1万美元起，成为了苹果公司史上售价最高的产品。
The watch will go on sale on April 24 in nine countries, although the company will start accepting pre-orders on April 10. Apple said the watch will have 18 hours of battery life and will be able to conduct phone calls。
尽管苹果公司会在4月10日接受预购的订单，手表也于4月24号在九个国家出售。苹果表示具有18小时的续航功能并支持通话。
Apple Watch is the company's first all-new product since it introduced the iPad in 2010. One of the biggest questions hanging over Apple's incredible success is whether it is sustainable as the company branches into new corners of the electronics world。
Apple Watch 是苹果公司继2010年的iPad后首款全新的产品。苹果公司之所以获得如此惊人的成功，其中最大的问题就在于是否能够保持公司在电子科技世界领域的可持续发展。
The smartwatch market is still nascent. A slew of competitors from established names like Samsung Electronics, and LG Electronics to lesser-known startups like the Pebble and Fitbit have introduced offerings aimed at creating demand for wearable devices, but most have failed to gain momentum。
智能手表的市场才初绽头角。大到众多早已成立的公司的竞争者如三星电子，LG电子，小到Pebble和Fitbit，也已引进了目标在于生产可佩带的设备的技术，但大多数都发展得不如人意。
As it did successfully with the iPhone and iPod, Apple is trying to re-define a new product category with a sleek and thoughtful device. For Mr Cook, it also is a chance to prove that Apple can still produce the types of breakthrough products that defined the company under his predecessor, Apple co-founder Steve Jobs。
正如iPhone和iPod的成功，苹果正常时改良新产品种类，目标为圆滑且体贴的设备。库克表示，这也是一个促使苹果在产品设计上突破的机会，符合苹果公司的前任设计师乔布斯的设计理念。
In addition, the company unveiled a new 12-inch MacBook that Apple calls its thinnest ever with a battery that can last all day. The device weighs two pounds and also will be available in gold. Prices start at $US1,299, and it will start shipping April 10.
除此之外，苹果还揭开了12英寸大小的MacBook的面纱，并标榜其电池是史上最薄的的续航电池。重量只有2磅，并且还有镶金款。价格从美元1,299，在4月10日开始发售。
At the event, Apple also showed off new software called Research Kit, which will help researchers and medical practitioners gather and organise patients's medical data through the iPhone。
在此次发布会，苹果同时展示了新的软件，名为搜查工具箱(Research Kit)，能够帮助研究者和医学实践者通过iPhone收集并整理客户的医学数据。
The kit will be released next month. Apple said all data would be private and that the company wouldn't see it。
这款工具箱将会在下月发布，苹果公司称，软件里的数据是用户的隐私，苹果公司的员工是不会看到的。
Marketing the Apple Watch, meanwhile, won't be as simple as marketing past Apple products. The iPod was a way to carry a music collection in your pocket. The iPhone was a mobile phone plus internet device, with a revolutionary touch screen. Apple sold the iPad as a simpler way to browse the web, view photos and watch videos。
推广Apple Watch不如推广之前的产品那么简单。iPod是你把音乐随身携带的一个方式。iPhone是一部可上网的移动手机，并用革命性的的触摸屏幕。苹果公司出售iPad,标榜其能够为用户提供快捷的途径浏览网页，查看图片和观看影片。
Still, analysts expect Apple's brand appeal and the company's loyal customers to make Apple Watch the most successful wearable device on the market。
再者，分析者预期苹果的品牌效应及其忠实的消费者也会把智能手表成为市场上最成功的可佩带的设备。
Cracking the screen on your iPhone is always a headache.
碎屏一向让iPhone用户头疼不已。
Not only because cracks make it difficult to use your phone as a very expensive mirror, but also because Apple has made fixing those cracks a time-consuming nightmare that involves sitting in an Apple store for hours. Now, butter-fingered iPhone users may be able to spend hours in a Best Buy instead.
这意味着iPhone不能再用作奢华的镜子，更可怕的是，要在苹果零售店坐等数小时碎屏才能得到修理。现在iPhone用户也许不需要前往苹果零售店，在百思买集团(Best Buy，全球最大家用电器和电子产品零售集团）就能修理易脱手导致碎屏的iPhone。
Apple is finally letting other vendors fix their phones, giving authorized third-party repair stores access to their proprietary glass-fixing devices, called Horizon Machines.
苹果公司终于允许其他修复中心接手修理iPhone的工作，并将自己的屏幕修复机“Horizon Machines”授权给许多第三方修复中心。
By the end of 2017, there will be 400 authorized third-party repair centers in 25 countries, Apple executives?said, including Best Buy. It's hard to say whether Apple has seen the error of its iPhone-fixing ways or if they are simply acting preemptively as more states sign on to so-called "right to repair" bills that are intended to help consumers fix their very expensive mirrors despite efforts by tech companies to monopolize the repair market.
苹果高管称：到2017年底，苹果将对包括百思买在内的25个国家的400家第三方修复中心进行授权。苹果究竟是因为意识到自身产品修复渠道存在问题，还是只是先发制人，通过让众多国家签订所谓的“修理权”法案，看似意在帮助消费者修理昂贵的iPhone，实则借机垄断修理市场？一切不得而知。
Digital messaging used to be so simple. Once the modem's screeches, clucks and beeps ended and I was connected to AOL's servers, all my friends would be right there, ready to chat. When cellphones untethered us from our computers, texting was all we needed. Sure, it turned our thumbs into gymnasts, but it was manageable.
发送信息曾经再简单不过了。一旦调制解调器发出刺耳的哔哔声，我就连上了美国在线(AOL)的服务器，我所有的朋友都会在那儿，做好了聊天的准备。当手机将我们从电脑上解放下来后，短信能够满足我们所有的需求。当然，这也使我们的大拇指变成了上下飞舞的体操运动员，但是一切都在掌控之中。
Now I feel like taking cover behind the couch to dodge the messages flying at me from every which way -- text messages, iMessage, Facebook Messenger, Google Hangouts and Twitter direct messages.
而现在，我的感觉就像是躲在沙发后面，躲避着从各个渠道扑向我的信息―文本短信、iMessage、Facebook Messenger、谷歌环聊(Google Hangouts)和推特(Twitter)私信。
Having more options doesn't feel like a good thing. Everyone's on different services, which makes group conversations hard. Most popular services are also missing features like voice memos and read receipts.
选择过多并不见得是件好事儿。每个人都在使用不同的服务平台，这令群聊难以进行。大多数热门的服务平台都不具备语音备忘录和已读回执等功能。
Plenty of upstart apps offer more powerful messaging plus lots of fun features, including sketch pads and meme generators. You haven't fully expressed yourself until you've used animated stickers.
很多新晋应用程序都具备更强大的信息收发和其他许多有趣的功能，包括素描板和搞笑图片制作工具等。只有你在用过卡通贴图之后，你才能淋漓尽致地表达自己。
I set out on a journey with friends and family to test four services: WhatsApp, which gained fame for Facebook's $19 billion acquisition of it, along with Kik, WeChat and Viber. I even called on my parents, who usually stick to texting and emailing, and have no patience for complicated apps and social networks.
我发动我的朋友和家人对以下四种应用服务进行了测试：WhatsApp、Kik、微信(WeChat)和Viber，其中WhatsApp以Facebook对其斥资190亿美元的收购获得了外界的关注。我甚至还邀请了我的父母，他们通常只是发短信和邮件，对于复杂的应用程序和社交媒体，他们全无耐心。
All of these apps work similarly. You download it (most are available for iPhone, Android, Windows Phone and even BlackBerry) and enter your phone number. Then you watch as the app scans your phone's address book for contacts who use the service.
上述四种应用程序使用起来大体相同。你把它们下载下来（大多数应用程序都支持iPhone、安卓(Android)手机、Windows手机、甚至黑莓(BlackBerry)手机），然后输入自己的手机号码。接着等待应用程序扫描你手机通讯录上该应用程序的现有用户。
You can send a text to those not yet on the service, requesting the favor of their presence. Once your people start turning up, you can chat with them privately or form groups.
你可以向尚未启用该应用程序的联系人发送消息，邀请他们加入。当你的联系人接受邀请后，你就可以同他私信或群聊了。
I began with WhatsApp, the easiest for getting started and creating chat groups. When I enlisted my mom, she asked why these were different than text messaging, but quickly answered her own question.
我最先测试的是WhatsApp，这款应用程序最容易上手，也最容易创建群聊。当我向我母亲发出邀请后，她问我，这款应用程序与短信究竟有什么区别，但是她自己很快就找到了答案。
She said chatting felt speedier than texts and iMessage. She loved sending short recorded voice messages to my sister and me. The app makes it easy to throw in photos and video, and to set your status so people know if you're available.
她说，相较于短信和iMessage，她觉得WhatsApp更迅捷。我母亲很喜欢给我姐姐和我发送语音信息。这款应用程序令照片和视频分享变得很简便，另外，设置自己的状态也很容易，这样别人就知道你是否有空了。
WhatsApp was the only one my parents didn't need help figuring out. But the app lacks features, digital stickers and other multimedia gimmicks.
在这四款测试应用中，WhatsApp是唯一一款我父母不需要指导就能掌握的。但是，WhatsApp的功能有限，不具备数字贴图和其他多媒体工具。
It also doesn't have functional tools such as desktop chat, which lets you keep up with your mobile buddies while chained to your computer.
WhatsApp还缺乏一些功能工具，比如桌面聊天等。当手机和电脑连接后，桌面聊天功能可以使你在电脑上和朋友继续聊天。
Kik, incredibly popular with teens because of the crazy multimedia features, allows you to search the Web for fun stuff such as GIFs and YouTube videos and drop them into your chat. You can doodle, insert stickers (yes, I paid $2 for a South Park pack), even add your own words to popular meme photos. There's a Snapchat-like feature to transmit self-destructing images.
Kik在青少年中极其风靡，原因是它具有非常强大的多媒体功能，该应用程序允许用户在网络上搜索GIF和YouTube视频等有趣的内容并在聊天中进行分享。你可以随意涂鸦、插入贴图（我就花费2美元购买了一套南方公园的贴图），你甚至可以在流行的搞笑图片上写上自己的话。Kik还附带类似于Snapchat “阅后即焚”的功能。
Kik, though, doesn't offer easy access to basic video and audio messaging that my family loved in WhatsApp. And for all the fun I had using Kik with friends and colleagues, my parents couldn't have been less interested. Kik's interface is cluttered and confusing, like a teenager's bedroom.
我们全家都非常青睐WhatsApp上轻松收发视频及语音信息的基本功能，但Kik并不具备这一功能。并且，我和朋友、同事在使用Kik时所得到的那种乐趣对我父母没有产生丝毫吸引力。另外，Kik的用户界面混乱不堪，就如同青少年的卧室。
Huge in China, WeChat falls between Kik and WhatsApp, with a handy Web chat mode and a large selection of stickers -- including animated ones from Pixar movies.
在中国极受追捧的微信介于Kik和WhatsApp之间，微信拥有便于使用的在线聊天模式，并且附带大量的贴图―其中包括皮克斯(Pixar)电影中的卡通贴图。
Initially I scoffed at the chat sticker trend, but the cartoons are a fun way to respond to messages without having to say much.
起初，我曾对贴图的风靡嗤之以鼻，但是卡通贴图确实一种是勿需多言并且有趣的信息回复方式。
WeChat's standout feature is an amusing walkie-talkie mode. Hold down the large circular button to talk, release it to hear your friends. Fun for a few minutes? Yes. Practical for everyday use? Probably not.
微信的出色之处还在于其有趣的边走边聊模式。按住大圆键即可讲话，松开即可听取好友的留言。用个几分钟是否有趣呢？是的。日常使用是否实际呢？答案可能是否定的。
WeChat is short on some basics. The overall interface is dull and certain expected features, like showing a message has been received, are missing. Also, my mom and my sister found it the hardest to set up.
微信在某些基本方面表现不足。微信的整体界面较为乏味，并且缺乏一些应有的功能，比如显示信息已被对方获取的功能。此外，我母亲和姐姐都认为微信是最难设置的。
I looked at other popular apps -- Line, Telegram and KakaoTalk among them -- but they were so similar to WhatsApp and WeChat, I felt underwhelmed.
我还关注了其他一些流行的应用程序―其中有Line、Telegram和KakaoTalk―但是，这些应用程序和WhatsApp与微信极其相似，毫无新意。
Until I found Viber.
直到我发现了Viber。
Viber has many of the same text options as the others, but focuses on audio calling. Like Skype, if both users are on Viber, you can make audio calls over Wi-Fi or a data connection. Sound quality was good, though there was an echo on some calls.
Viber拥有与其他应用程序相同的很多文本信息发送选项，但更侧重于视频通话功能。和Skype相同，如果双方用户都登录了Viber，你就能通过Wi-Fi或者其他数据连接方式进行视频通话了。
While the app doesn't pack as many tricks as Kik, it puts a good chunk of them into a tidier control panel. It also has Mac and Windows desktop applications.
尽管Viber并没有附带Kik那么多的花样儿，但是它把不少有趣的功能都设置在了一个更为简洁的操作界面中。并且这款应用程序还有Mac和Windows的桌面客户端。
As smart as Viber is, it needs a user-interface makeover before it can compete with WhatsApp.
即便拥有强大的功能，但Viber也需要重塑其用户界面才能与WhatsApp相抗衡。
(The company says it is working on an update to its outdated iOS app.)
（该公司表示，正在开发iOS旧版客户端的更新版本。）
So my journey ended with an edict that my family and close friends have group chats over WhatsApp, even though I'll miss stickers and could benefit from Web chat. (WhatsApp declined to comment on its road map.)
鉴于我的家人和好友都加入了WhatsApp上的群聊，我的测试也宣布告终。尽管，我将怀念微信贴图，并且本可以受益颇多。（WhatsApp未就自身的路线图置评。）
I may never get everyone on the same chat service, but I've already got some of my favorite people gathered on WhatsApp.
或许，我永远不可能让每个人都齐聚在同一个服务平台上，但是我已经把我最喜欢的一些人聚集在了WhatsApp上。
Besides, the Facebook acquisition has piqued enough curiosity that more are starting to turn up everyday. It's almost like those simpler AOL days, but without the melodious modem sounds.
除此之外，Facebook对WhatsApp的收购也激发了强烈的好奇，越来越多的人开始使用这款应用程序了。以前那种使用美国在线的简单日子似乎回来了，只是少了调制解调器悦耳的声音。
重点单词
查看全部解释
remote
[ri'm?ut]
想一想再看
adj. 偏僻的，遥远的，远程的，(感情等)距离很大<b
联想记忆
X
单词remote 联想记忆：
re回+mote动→动回去→退回去→遥远的
prescribe
[pris'kraib]
想一想再看
vi. 规定，开药方
vt. 规定，命令，开处
联想记忆
X
单词prescribe 联想记忆：
pre预先+scribe写→预先写好药量→开药方；命令
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
issue
['i?ju:]
想一想再看
n. 发行物，期刊号，争论点
vi. & vt
compliance
[k?m'plai?ns]
想一想再看
n. 顺从，遵从，灵活
AT&T faces an uphillbattle to convince US regulators that its proposed $85.4bn purchase of TimeWarner will not unfairly distort the media and communications industries afteropponents of the deal said the combined entity would wield too much marketpower.
AT&T面临着说服美国监管机构的艰难战斗，以证明其拟议中的854亿美元收购时代华纳(Time Warner，见上图)不会不公平地扭曲媒体和通信行业。此前这笔交易的批评者表示，合并后的实体将拥有太多的市场力量。
America’s largest telecomsgroup by market value announced on Saturday it would pay $107.50 a share forthe owner of CNN, HBO, which produces Game of Thrones and Veep, and WarnerBrothers, Hollywood’s largest film and television studio.
美国市值最大的电信集团上周六宣布，将支付每股107.50美元，收购美国有线电视频道CNN和HBO以及好莱坞最大影视制片公司华纳兄弟(Warner Brothers)的东家；HBO制作《权力的游戏》(Game of Thrones)和《副总统》(Veep)等电视剧。
But the deal sparked immediateopposition over the weekend and looks set to be one of the first and biggesttests of the next president’s antitrust policy.
但这笔交易在周末立即引发反对，看起来将给下一任总统的反垄断政策带来首批和最大考验之一。
Donald Trump told a Gettysburgrally that he would block it if elected president and Al Franken, theDemocratic senator for Minnesota, said it raised “some immediate flags aboutconsolidation”. Tim Kaine, Hillary Clinton’s running mate, told NBC’s Meet thePress he shared those concerns, saying “less concentration I think is generallyhelpful, especially in the media”.
唐纳德.特朗普(Donald Trump)在盖茨堡的一个集会上表示，若当选总统，他将阻止这笔交易。明尼苏达州民主党参议员阿尔.弗兰肯(Al Franken)表示，此举引发了“一些有关整合的即时警示信号”。希拉里.克林顿(Hillary Clinton)的竞选搭档蒂姆.凯恩(Tim Kaine)在全国广播公司(NBC)的《与媒体见面》(Meet the Press)节目上表示，他也有那些担忧，表示“我认为一般而言集中度较少会有帮助，尤其是在媒体领域”。
The purchase faces at least ayear of regulatory scrutiny. In a joint statement, senators Mike Lee and AmyKlobuchar, the chairman and ranking member of the Senate antitrustsubcommittee, said the deal “would potentially raise significant antitrustissues, which the subcommittee would carefully examine”.
这一收购面临至少一年的监管审查。参议院反垄断小组委员会主席、参议员迈克.李(Mike Lee)和参议院反垄断小组委员会副主席、参议员埃米.克罗布彻(Amy Klobuchar)在一份联合声明中表示，这项交易“潜在将引发重大的反垄断问题，本小组委员会将仔细研究”。
“I think AT&T is goinginto this knowing they have an uphill battle,” said Amanda Wait, an antitrustpartner at Hunton & Williams, a Washington law firm. “Any Clintonadministration will take a tough look at it. The key issues here will bewhether owning Time Warner content harms competition or whether it makesAT&T stronger.”
“我认为AT&T在达成这笔交易的时候明白自己将有一场艰苦的战斗，”何威律师事务所(Hunton & Williams)华盛顿办公室的反垄断业务合伙人阿曼达.韦特(Amanda Wait)表示，“希拉里政府将从严对待。这里的关键问题将是，拥有时代华纳的内容会不会损害竞争，抑或它将使AT&T更强大。”
The cash and stock deal, worth$107.50 a share, brings together the telephony pioneer started by AlexanderGraham Bell in the late 19th century with an entertainment group that has itsroots in the early days of Hollywood.
这笔现金和股票交易相当于每股价值107.50美元，它将把亚历山大.格雷厄姆.贝尔(Alexander Graham Bell)在19世纪末创建的电话服务先驱与根源可追溯至好莱坞早期的一家娱乐集团合为一体。
Randall Stephenson, AT&T’schief executive, expressed confidence that the deal would be approved, sayingthere was no overlap between the two businesses. “This is not a horizontaldeal. This is a vertical merger,” he told journalists on a weekend conferencecall. You would be hard pressed to find examples where vertical mergers havebeen blocked.”
AT&T首席执行官兰德尔.斯蒂芬森(Randall Stephenson)表示相信，这笔交易将获得批准，称两家公司的业务没有重叠。“这不是一笔横向协议。这是一次纵向合并，”他在上周末的一个电话会议上对记者们表示。你很难找到垂直合并被阻止的案例。”
AT&T will point regulatorsto the 2013 purchase of NBCUniversal by its rival Comcast, a deal which wascleared after regulators imposed concessions on the cable operator. “Theantitrust division has received some complaints about Comcast’s NBCUniversaldeal,” said Ms Wait. “They will take a hard look back at their experience tosee if those remedies worked.”
AT&T将向监管者指出2013年NBC环球(NBCUniversal)被其竞争对手Comcast收购的先例，那笔交易在监管者强制要求有线运营商Comcast作出让步后获得批准。“反垄断部门接到了一些针对Comcast收购NBC环球交易的投诉，”韦特表示,“他们会认真回视自己的经历，看看那些补救措施是否起到了作用。”
Time Warner has agreed to paya $1.7bn break-fee to AT&T if it opts to sell to another buyer whileAT&T will pay Time Warner $500m if regulators block the deal, according totwo people close to the negotiations.
据接近谈判的两个知情人士透露，时代华纳同意向AT&T支付17亿美元的分手费——如果它选择卖给另一个买家，而AT&T将向时代华纳支付5亿美元——如果监管者阻止这笔交易。
Australia has sold the country’s biggest electricity distribution network to an “all-Australian bid” just two months after it controversially blocked companies from China and Hong Kong from bidding on national security grounds.
澳大利亚已将该国最大配电网络Ausgrid出售给一个“纯澳大利亚竞购方”。就在两个月前，澳大利亚以国家安全为由否决了中国内地和香港企业对Ausgrid的竞购，引起了不少争议。
Thursday’s A$16.1bn sale of Ausgrid by the New South Wales government to two domestic pension funds, IFM Investors and Australian Super, took place following an unsolicited bid and without a new public tender. Canadian pension funds and some local investors that had expressed an interest in Ausgrid have been sidelined by the quick sale.
周四，新南威尔士州政府以161亿澳元的价格将Ausgrid出售给两家国内的养老基金IFM Investors和Australian Super。这次出售是在这两家养老基金发起主动收购和未举行新的公开竞标的情况下完成的。在这次快速出售中，曾表示收购Ausgrid的加拿大养老基金和一些本土投资者被晾在一旁。
Mike Baird, New South Wales’ premier, said there was not enough clarity regarding national foreign investment rules to consider foreign bidders for Ausgrid following the earlier knockback of State Grid Corporation and Hong Kong-based Cheung Kong Infrastructure.
新南威尔士州州长迈克.贝尔德(Mike Baird)表示，在之前中国国家电网(State Grid Corporation)和总部位于香港的长江基建(Cheung Kong Infrastructure)发起的收购受阻后，尚不具备足够明确的国家层面的外商投资规定来考虑外国买家对Ausgrid的收购。
“Clearly the foreign investment review board are still wrestling with how to deal with the specific incidence of this asset… It’s unique, it’s a national security interest,” he said.
他表示：“显然，外商投资评估委员会仍纠结于如何应对这一资产的特殊性……它很特别，关乎国家安全利益。
“We haven’t got clarity to the point of who could be involved but what we do know is that if we have an all-Australian bid, which we do, we have a capacity to proceed.”
“我们还没有弄清楚谁能够参与进来，但我们清楚的是，如果我们有一个纯澳大利亚报价的话——我们确实有这样一个——我们就能向前推进。”
Australia has progressively tightened foreign investment rules over the past two years following a wave of investment from China in housing, agricultural and critical infrastructure.
过去两年，澳大利亚逐渐收紧了外商投资规定。此前，中国在澳住房、农业和关键基础设施领域掀起了一波投资潮。
The opposition Labor party in New South Wales has questioned the state government’s decision to sell Ausgrid without a new public tender, saying previously that the unsolicited bid was a “blatant abuse of process”.
新南威尔士州反对党工党(Labor party)对州政府决定在不举行新的公开竞标的情况下出售Ausgrid提出质疑。该党曾表示，这一主动收购是“公然滥用程序”。
Ian Silk, chief executive of Australian Super, said the pension funds’ joint bid for Ausgrid complied with all rules regarding the unsolicited bid process and that he was confident there was no impediment to closing the deal before Christmas.
Australian Super首席执行官伊恩.西尔克(Ian Silk)表示，该基金对Ausgrid发起的联合收购符合所有有关主动收购程序的规定，同时他相信，不存在任何障碍阻止该基金在圣诞节前完成这笔交易。
But he said there was no question that greater clarity around foreign investment rules would benefit everyone.
但他表示，毫无疑问，更明确的外商投资规定有利于所有人。
Avril Lavigne shows off her slim figure in plunging leather bodice in new Japanese techno inspired video Hello Kitty.
Avril Lavigne在她的受日本高科技舞曲启发而创作的新歌视频 Hello Kitty中身着紧身皮衣，大秀身材。
She made a name for herself with her punk rock inspired pop hits such as Complicated and Sk8er Boi.
她以像Complicated 和Sk8er Boi这样的受朋克摇滚启发的流行打击乐而名声大噪。
But for her latest music video Hello Kitty Avril Lavigne has taken a dramatic turn, transforming herself into a techno goddess.
但是在她的新音乐视频Hello Kitty中，Avril Lavigne进行了一百八十度大转变，将自己打造成科技舞曲女神。
The 29-year-old displays rainbow coloured hair and a side shave as she sings in both Japanese and English to a driving techno beat and dub step breakdown in the short film.
这位29岁的女孩把头发染成了彩虹色，在视频影片中随着科技舞曲的节奏边唱英日文歌词边跳鬼步舞。
Wearing a leather bodice with a plunging neckline, the blonde singer dons a series of pearl necklaces.
身穿一个深V领的皮上衣，这位原本金色头发的歌手身上还有许多珍珠项链。
With leather gloves adorning her hands, Avril leads a pack of harajuku girls in a choreographed dance routine.
手上戴着皮手套，Avril领着一群原宿少女跳着精心设计过的舞步。
Displaying her lithe legs, the star wears pink stockings underneath a frilly cupcake adorned skirt.
她穿着有杯形蛋糕装饰的百褶裙，下面配一条粉色裤袜。
Her backup performers all wear matching outfits with bright pink tights and blue hot pants.
她的舞者们也全部穿着亮粉色的裤袜和蓝色热裤来呼应她的搭配。
Following is Axact’s response to a New York Times article published on May 18 asserting that the Pakistan-based company is at the center of a global network of fake online schools offering unaccredited degrees for money.
以下是Axact公司对5月18日发表于《纽约时报》的一篇报道的回应，报道指称总部位于巴基斯坦的Axact公司创建了一个虚假在线学校全球网络，通过出售无认证学位牟利。
The response was originally published on the company’s website here and is copied below.
这篇回应最初发表在该公司的网站上，现转载如下。
Axact’s Official Response to the defamatory article
Axact公司对诽谤报道的官方回应
Axact’s official response to an article published by New York Times reporter in collaboration with its local partner Express Media Group and some other media outlets to hurt the success of BOL (Express Media Group publishes International New York Times in Pakistan).
《纽约时报》记者在其当地合作伙伴“快报传媒集团”(Express Media Group)以及其他一些媒体的配合下，发表了一篇报道，以破坏BOL集团的成就，Axact公司为此做出正式回应。（快报传媒集团负责《国际纽约时报》在巴基斯坦的发行）。
This is regarding a defamatory article published by New York Times (NYT) regarding Axact.
本回应针对发表在《纽约时报》（下称NYT）的一篇诽谤Axact公司的文章。
Axact condemns this story as baseless, substandard, maligning, defamatory, and based on false accusations and merely a figment of imagination published without taking the company’s point of view. Axact will be pursuing strict legal action against the publications and those involved.
Axact公司谴责这篇毫无根据、不合规范、恶意中伤、诽谤和诬告的报道，它在无端指控的基础上进行了凭空想象，将本公司的角度排除在外。Axact公司将对报章及相关人等采取严厉的法律措施。
It is clarified that NYT in Pakistan is partnered with Express Media Group to publish International NYT in Pakistan and receive earnings from the group. Express Group was under a restraining order and contempt of court proceedings by Sind High Court for publishing a defamatory news item and further from publishing anything detrimental to Axact’s reputation. (Click here to view the courts restraining order). Hence Express Media Group to counter the success of BOL and to circumvent the court order has got this story published via its partner NYT in collaboration with some reporter called Declan Walsh.
众所周知，NYT与快报传媒集团合作，在巴基斯坦发行《国际版纽约时报》，并从集团获取回报。快报集团曾因发表诽谤新闻而得到信德高等法院(Sind High Court)的禁制令以及藐视法庭的指控，禁制令禁止其进一步发布任何损害Axact公司声誉的内容。（点击此处查看法院的禁制令)。因此，快报传媒集团为遏制BOL的成功，绕过法院禁制令，在名叫德克兰·沃尔什(Declan Walsh)的记者配合下，通过其合作伙伴NYT发表了这篇文章。
It should also be noted that a few months back in a registered criminal case by Axact for Data Theft (Criminal case No.561/2015), Police investigations led to Mr. Sultan Lakhani as the ultimate hidden owner of that company involved in Data theft of Axact and other IT companies and his name was included in the interim police Challan. (Click here to see the police challan mentioning Sultan Lakhani). After which Mr. Sultan also tried to transfer the investigations to another Police department of his choice but on 12th May 2015 that transfer was also suspended by Sind High Court and the criminal investigation again started against Mr. Sultan Lakhani. (Click here to view the request for transfer,transfer order and court order suspending the transfer).
此外还应指出，几个月前Axact公司向警方报告数据盗窃刑事案件（刑事案件No.561/2015），警方的调查表明，在Axact公司和其他IT企业数据被盗案件中，苏尔坦·拉克哈尼先生(Mr. Sultan Lakhani)是隐藏在涉案公司背后的最终所有人，他的名字被列入警方临时指控记录。（点击此处查看涉及苏尔坦·拉克哈尼的警方记录）。此后苏尔坦先生还试图将调查工作移至另一个自己选择的警察局，但该移交于2015年5月12日被信德高等法院中止，针对苏尔坦·拉克哈尼先生的调查重新展开。（点击此处查看案件移交申请、移交令和法院中止移交的判令）。
The story is authored by some reporter Declan Walsh of NYT who was expelled from Pakistan as Persona non-grata by Pakistan Interior Ministry allegedly due to his involvement in damaging Pakistan’s national interests. Even the media group he is affiliated with, the Express Tribune, published a story against him (click here to read more). Several other organizations have also written about him (click here to read more). This reporter has worked and devised a one-sided story without taking any input from the company. A last-minute, haphazard elusive email was sent to the company demanding an immediate response by the next day to which the attorney for Axact responded. Click here to view the response.
这则报道是由一名叫德克兰·沃尔什的《纽约时报》记者撰写，该记者曾作为不受欢迎的人被巴基斯坦内政部驱逐出巴基斯坦，原因是参与破坏巴基斯坦国家利益的行动。即使是他所隶属的传媒集团《论坛快报》(Express Tribune)，都发表了一篇反对他的报道（点击此处阅读更多）。还有几个组织也曾发表关于他的文章（点击此处阅读更多）。这名记者在没有从公司获得任何信息的情况下，捏造了一则片面的故事。在报道发出前最后一刻，公司收到一封随意写就、语焉不详的电子邮件，要求公司在第二天前立即作出回复，Axact公司律师回应了这封邮件。点击此处查看回应。
Moreover, this reporter has not mentioned the conflict of interest which the NYT has due to its association with Express Media as its revenue source in Pakistan. This necessary disclosure regarding the criminal cases on NYT Partner in Pakistan was deliberately omitted and is an injustice to the reader not expected of a publication like NYT.
此外，这名记者没有提及与《纽约时报》存在的利益关系，《纽约时报》将其与快报传媒集团的合作视为在巴基斯坦的收入来源。鉴于《纽约时报》的巴基斯坦合作伙伴涉嫌刑事案件，这种利益关系的披露是必要的，但在文中被有意隐去，如此不义之举，不应该是NYT这样的媒体所为。
In an exemplary display of poor journalistic skills and yellow journalism, the writer quoted references from several imaginary employees to corroborate accusations made out of thin air. None of these accusations have been substantiated with any real proof. Search engines have been used to type ‘fake degrees’ and whatever images have turned up have been portrayed as evidence. Additionally, no proof has been given linking any of these sites and allegations to Axact and widely recognized names such as that of John Kerry have been used to increase the impact of the story. In fact the writer himself admits that when he approached these universities, they denied having any links with Axact. Furthermore, in a glaring display of bias, he didn’t even mention the fact that all these previous published allegations have been more than adequately addressed by Axact earlier in the civil suit 907/2013 filed against GEO and others.
作者在文中引用了若干虚构员工的话，以证实一些无中生有的指控，堪称蹩脚的报道技巧和黄色新闻写作的典型。所有的指控都没有任何真正的证据支持。作者在搜索引擎中键入“假学位”，显示的所有图片都被其称为证明。此外，没有证据表明这些网站和事实陈述与Axact有关。一些大人物的名字也被用来提高故事的冲击力，例如约翰·克里(John Kerry)。事实上，作者承认，当他联系这些大学时，它们都否认同Axact有关系。此外还有一个非常醒目的证据证明作者具有偏向性：作者甚至没有提到，在此前对GEO及其它公司发起的民事诉讼907/2013中，Axact已经对报道中提及的指控做出了极其充分的阐述。
One aspect that stands very clear from all this is that a personal grudge has been displayed by the writer. Parallels laded with negativity have been drawn with the portrayal of positive Pakistan and also including references to the Silicon Valley as if offering world-class facilities to employees is something that we should be ashamed about when it is our pride. This reminds us of the story made by Forbes against NYT reporters of publishing false stories. Click here to read more
有一点是非常明确的，作者在文中表现出了私人恩怨。文章将此事和巴基斯坦的正面描绘进行了充满负面的对比，还用硅谷(Silicon Valley)作为参照，仿佛为员工提供世界一流环境这样一个引以为荣的事，是我们应该感到羞耻的。这令我们想起之前福布斯(Forbes)的一则报道，指出《纽约时报》记者曾发表假新闻。详情请点击这里
For information on Axact Education Unit, it is hereby clarified that Axact provides a comprehensive education management system that benefits diverse bodies of students and caters to all types of educational institutions—online and traditional. It is a 360 degree solution for students and faculty around the globe, available on multiple educational platforms being its core capability. For details on this, click here.
关于Axact教育部门的信息，本公司特此澄清，Axact提供完整的教育管理系统，惠及多元化的学生群体，满足各类教育机构——不管是线上还是传统机构的需求。对全球的学生和学校，这都是一个完美的选择。本系统的核心能力是适用于多个教育平台。详情请点击这里
Furthermore, Axact’s Online Education Management System is World’s Leader outside North America. And Axact is now collaborating with other renowned education groups in the USA to provide its Education Management System and is poised to be a major player in the online education industry of USA by 2018.
此外，Axact的线上教育管理系统，在北美以外的地方是处于领先的。目前，我们正在与美国一些知名教育团体合作创建教育管理系统，准备在2018年时成为美国线上教育产业的主要参与者。
All ten business units of Axact are completely legitimate, legal and committed to enhancing the quality of IT services across the world.
Axact下属十个业务部门全部是完全正规、合法的，均致力于提高全球IT服务的质量。
From the very first day of announcement of BOL, certain elements have started campaigning against Axact and BOL. The GEO/Jang group and Express Media Group being direct competitors of BOL (initiated by Axact) have started a defamation campaign and other criminal pursuits since last 2 years accusing BOL of belonging to multiple groups, sometimes establishment, sometimes a real estate tycoon and sometimes other controversial personalities and were coining all kind of conspiracy theories. Now they have planned this story in collaboration with this reporter as evident from the fact that within less than 60 seconds of the publishing of this article, these media outlets started spreading this maligning campaign via different means. It is also come to our notice that they are planning with other foreign media groups to publish this story with different angles.
从宣布创办BOL的那一天起，一些人就发起了反对Axact和BOL的运动。GEO/Jang集团和快报传媒集团是BOL（由Axact创办）的直接竞争者。两年前开始，它们发起了污蔑BOL的宣传运动，同时还对BOL提起刑事诉讼，指控BOL属于多个集团，有的时候说是权力阶层，有的时候说是地产大亨，有的时候是一些有争议的人物。它们捏造了各种阴谋论。现在它们又跟这位记者一同策划了这个故事。证据很明显，这篇文章发表后的60秒内，这些媒体机构就开始在各种渠道散播污蔑的言论。我们还注意到，它们还在计划与国外媒体一起以多个角度刊发这个故事。
It should be noted that the announcement of BOL as a positive and pro-Pakistan channel in Pakistan who cares for its employees has shaken these traditional media houses who have promoted hatred, despair, negativity and hopelessness in Pakistan. Axact and BOL have vigorously pursued these elements that are desperate to malign BOL and Axact.
需要指出的是，BOL作为一个正面的、支持巴基斯坦、尊重其雇员的渠道的声明动摇了这些传统媒体。这些媒体宣传巴基斯坦的仇恨、绝望、消极和无望。Axact和BOL对这些正面信息的积极追求，引来这些媒体的诽谤与中伤。
BOL has addressed this in the past and the following link on its website gives details of these defamation and other criminal activities and how Axact and BOL have addressed these legally.
BOL在过去也处理过这些问题，点击以下的链接可以阅读关于这些诽谤和犯罪活动的详细信息，以及过去Axact和BOL是如何通过法律途径来解决问题的。
Axact’s immensely profitable empire is centered on its network of hundreds of websites. The stars are the sites for fictitious high schools and universities — some have names and details evoking the appearance of American or British schools, others of Persian Gulf-region institutions.
聚敛了大量利润的Axact帝国的核心，是它旗下由数百家网站组成的网络。其中的摇钱树是一些虚构的高中和大学的网站——有些学校的名称和详细信息让人联想起美国或英国的学府，还有一些则像是波斯湾地区的研究机构。
Critical support for the scheme comes from a host of dedicated Internet search portals, and a smaller list of dummy accreditation bodies meant to put potential customers at ease by giving Axact’s fake schools a more credible appearance.
这个骗局获得的最关键的支持，来自大量致力于此事的互联网搜索门户网站，以及少量的虚假鉴定机构。后者会让Axact的假学校看起来更加可信，从而打消潜在客户的疑虑。
Below is a partial list of sites analyzed by The New York Times and determined most likely to be linked to Axact’s operation in Karachi, Pakistan. Some of the details came from interviews with former employees of Axact, who identified roughly 50 sites, along with servers used by the company and blocks of custom website coding it developed.
以下是《纽约时报》分析过的部分网站的列表。时报认定，它们很可能与Axact在巴基斯坦卡拉奇的业务有关。一些细节信息来自对Axact前雇员的采访。他们提供了大约50个网站的名单、这家公司使用的服务器，以及它所开发的大量定制网站编码。
Starting from the list of employee-identified sites, The Times scoured the Internet for other sites that included similar technical details, servers, content and supporting links. More than 370 sites included at least some of those identifying components; the list below is of sites that correlated most closely with all of them.
以这些前雇员提供的网站名单为基础，时报在互联网上仔细搜索了包含相似技术细节、服务器、内容和支持链接的其他网站。有逾370家网站包括了至少其中某些元素；以下是与所有元素相关度最高的网站列表：
Alford High School
Alford High School
High School Diploma Profs
High School Diploma Profs
Beacon Falls High School
Beacon Falls High School
Brooksville High School
Brooksville High School
Buffville High School
Buffville High School
Federal High School
Federal High School
Ford Worth High School
Ford Worth High School
High School Diploma Experience
High School Diploma Experience
Foster City High School
Foster City High School
High School Diploma Pro
High School Diploma Pro
High School Diploma Fast
High School Diploma Fast
Jersey High School
Jersey High School
Lorenz High School
Lorenz High School
Luther City High School
Luther City High School
Mary Grand High School
Mary Grand High School
McCain High School
McCain High School
McFord High School
McFord High School
McHill High School
McHill High School
Pacific High School
Pacific High School
High School Diploma Professionals
High School Diploma Professionals
Panworld High School
Panworld High School
St. Angelo High School
St. Angelo High School
Stenford High School
Stenford High School
Victorville High School
Victorville High School
West Coast High School
West Coast High School
WinFord High School
WinFord High School
Woodfield High School
Woodfield High School
Global Institute of English Language Training and Certification
Global Institute of English Language Training and Certification
Adamsville University
Adamsville University
Al Arab University
Al Arab University
Al Khaleej University
Al Khaleej University
Al Khalifa American University
Al Khalifa American University
Alpine University
Alpine University
American Gulf University
American Gulf University
American Mideast University
American Mideast University
Anchor Point University
Anchor Point University
Arab Continental University
Arab Continental University
Arab Women University
Arab Women University
Ashbery University
Ashbery University
Accredited Degrees Pro
Accredited Degrees Pro
Ashley University
Ashley University
Bakerville University
Bakerville University
Barkley University
Barkley University
Baycity University
Baycity University
Bay View University
Bay View University
Baytown University
Baytown University
Belltown University
Belltown University
Branton University
Branton University
Brooklyn Park University
Brooklyn Park University
Brooksville University
Brooksville University
Cambell State University
Cambell State University
Camp Lake University
Camp Lake University
Chapel University
Chapel University
Columbiana University
Columbiana University
Creek View University
Creek View University
Crestford University
Crestford University
Fast Online University
Fast Online University
Fort Jones University
Fort Jones University
Galewood University
Galewood University
Gibson University
Gibson University
Glenford University
Glenford University
Grant Town University
Grant Town University
GreenLake University
GreenLake University
Grendal University
Grendal University
Hadly University
Hadly University
Hansford University
Hansford University
Harvey University
Harvey University
Headway University
Headway University
Online University Programs Pro
Online University Programs Pro
Hill University
Hill University
Hill Online Degrees
Hill Online Degrees
James Adam University
James Adam University
James Harding University
James Harding University
Johnstown University
Johnstown University
Kennedy University
Kennedy University
Kingsbridge University
Kingsbridge University
Kings Lake University
Kings Lake University
Laurus University
Laurus University
Madison Hills University
Madison Hills University
Mayfield University
Mayfield University
McFord University
McFord University
McGraw University
McGraw University
Affordable Accredited Degrees
Affordable Accredited Degrees
McGraw Online Degrees
McGraw Online Degrees
McKinley University
McKinley University
Midtown University
Midtown University
Mount Lincoln University
Mount Lincoln University
Nelson Bay University
Nelson Bay University
Nicholson University
Nicholson University
Nixon University
Nixon University
Northern Port University
Northern Port University
Northway University
Northway University
Olford Walters University
Olford Walters University
Panworld University
Panworld University
Accredited Online Degrees Now
Accredited Online Degrees Now
Advance Online Degrees
Advance Online Degrees
Paramount California University
Paramount California University
Parkfield University
Parkfield University
Payne Springs University
Payne Springs University
Pine Hill University
Pine Hill University
Pittsford University
Pittsford University
Port Jefferson University
Port Jefferson University
Queen City University
Queen City University
Queens Bay University
Queens Bay University
Ray University
Ray University
Affordable Degrees Pro
Affordable Degrees Pro
Universal Online Degrees
Universal Online Degrees
Redding University
Redding University
Riverwood University
Riverwood University
Rochville University
Rochville University
Roseville Community College
Roseville Community College
Thompson University
Thompson University
WalesBridge University
WalesBridge University
Walford University
Walford University
Western Advanced Central University
Western Advanced Central University
Online University Profs
Online University Profs
Western Valley Central University
Western Valley Central University
Westland University
Westland University
Wilburton University
Wilburton University
Wiley University
Wiley University
Wilford University
Wilford University
Willington University
Willington University
Windham University
Windham University
Woodbridge University
Woodbridge University
Woodfield University
Woodfield University
Woodrow University
Woodrow University
Accreditation Bureau of Online Education and Training
Accreditation Bureau of Online Education and Training
Arab Accreditation Council
Arab Accreditation Council
Association for Accreditation of Business Schools and Programs
Association for Accreditation of Business Schools and Programs
European Accreditation Board for Online Education
European Accreditation Board for Online Education
European Accreditation Council for Online Learning
European Accreditation Council for Online Learning
Global Accreditation Board for Distance Learning
Global Accreditation Board for Distance Learning
Global Doctorate Council
Global Doctorate Council
Gulf Accreditation Council
Gulf Accreditation Council
Gulf Bureau of Higher Education
Gulf Bureau of Higher Education
Gulf Engineering Council
Gulf Engineering Council
International Accreditation Board for Business Studies
International Accreditation Board for Business Studies
International Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology Education
International Accreditation Board for Engineering and Technology Education
Education International Accreditation Board for Psychology Education
Education International Accreditation Board for Psychology Education
Education International Accreditation Council for Open Education
Education International Accreditation Council for Open Education
International Accreditation Organization
International Accreditation Organization
International Business Accreditation and Regulatory Commission
International Business Accreditation and Regulatory Commission
The plenary sessions of the National People's Congress (NPC) and the National Committee of the Chinese People' s Political Consultative Conference (CPPCC)， popularly known as the "two sessions", are kicking off this week. What will be the big talking points? We have compiled a list of 26 hot topics, in accordance with the 26 letters in the English alphabet.
被称作“两会”的全国人民代表大会(NPC)与中国人民政治协商会议(CPPCC)本周拉开大幕。今年的两会有哪些看点？我们以26个英文字母为索引，为你梳理26个两会热点话题。
A|Anti-corruption
重拳反腐
The Chinese government has adopted a zero-tolerance approach in fighting corruption since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China (CPC) in November 2012. In 2015, China's top anti-graft watchdog said it will net more "tigers" and "flies" - corrupt government officials at both higher and lower levels - and combat graft in State-owned enterprises (SOEs). But how to build a long-term mechanism to supervise the exercise of official power requires suggestions from NPC deputies and CPPCC members。
2012年11月的中共十八大以来，中国政府对待反腐采取“零容忍”的态度。2015年，中国反腐监察机构表示将继续“打虎拍蝇”，并开辟国企反腐的战场。但是，如何建立权力监督的长期机制，仍需两会代表献策建言。
B|Breakup of Monopolies
破除垄断
Although China has eased market access in many industries and started SOE reforms in a bid to mobilize private investment and break monopolies, there is still a lot to do to achieve fair competition. Experts believe the private sector will reap more fruit this year。
尽管中国已经放宽许多行业的市场准入门槛并开始国企改革，以调动私人投资，破除垄断，但如何实现社会资源平等竞争还大有空间。专家预计，今年民营经济在这方面将有更多收获。
C|Check of Power
简政放权
In the past two years, China's central government has prioritized the task of cutting red tape and delegating power to lower-level governments. Altogether, 798 administrative approval items have been canceled or delegated to local governments. The move has curbed corruption and stimulated entrepreneurship. More progress can be expected in the area。
过去两年，中央政府简政放权成为改革重头戏，国务院累计取消和下放798项行政审批事项，有力地防止了腐败，激发了创业激情。这方面还会更有新进展。
D|Democracy
中国式民主
In February, the CPC Central Committee published a document proposing to promote "consultative democracy". Consultative democracy - defined as a democratic pattern in which, led by the CPC, all sections of society are consulted on major issues before and during policy-making processes - helps Chinese people take part in the country's governance and makes sure that diverse voices can be heard and consensus can be reached. The two sessions are perfect examples of China exerting consultative democracy and offer a window for people to observe and understand China's democracy。
2月，中共中央印发《关于加强社会主义协商民主建设的意见》，将协商民主定义为“在中国共产党领导下，人民内部各方面围绕重大问题，在决策之前和决策实施之中开展广泛协商，努力形成共识的重要民主形式。”而“两会”正是“协商民主”的绝佳体现，这为关注并试图理解中国式民主的人们提供了视角。
E|Engines
经济引擎
In early 2015, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang put forward a fresh concept at Davos - "Two engines": "To transform the traditional engine of growth by focusing on increasing the supply of public goods and services" and "To foster a new engine of growth by encouraging mass entrepreneurship and innovation." In 2015, China is sure to take steps to fuel the "two engines" so that the economy can maintain a medium-to-high speed of growth and achieve a medium-to-high level of development。
李克强总理在瑞士达沃斯年会上发表演讲时首次提出“双引擎”概念：一方面要改造升级传统引擎，扩大公共产品和公共服务的供给；另一方面要培育打造新引擎，推动大众创业、万众创新。2015年中国将采取措施为“双引擎”加油，使其释放能量助推中国经济保持“双中高”——实现中高速增长、迈向中高端水平。
F|"Four Comprehensives"
“四个全面”
CPC mouthpiece the People's Daily has carried a series of editorials prior to the annual legislative session, expounding the concept of the "Four Comprehensives", first raised by Xi Jinping in December. The concept includes comprehensively building a moderately prosperous society, deepening reform, advancing the rule of law and strictly governing the Party. The concept, drawing widespread attention from home and abroad, is expected to be the main theme of the legislative session。
两会前，《人民日报》发表系列评论，阐述习近平去年12月首次提出的“四个全面”——“全面建成小康社会、全面深化改革、全面推进依法治国、全面从严治党”。这个新提法受到了海内外的广泛关注，被认为将成两会“主旋律”。
G|GDP
经济增长
At the opening meeting of the NPC session on Thursday, Li Keqiang will reveal this year's GDP target when delivering the government work report. It is the subject of much anticipation at home and abroad. Most Chinese provinces lowered their GDP targets for 2015 at previous local legislative sessions。
3月5日的人大[微博]会议开幕会上，李克强总理在《政府工作报告》中将披露今年GDP增长预期目标，这是一个海内外普遍关注的悬念。在此前召开的地方两会上，绝大多数省份都下调了2015年GDP增长目标。
H|Hong Kong
香港
2014 was an eventful year for Hong Kong. The Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect program kicked off trading. Guangdong and Hong Kong liberalized their service trade, and the Guangdong free trade zone (FTZ) was approved. Meanwhile, the illegal "occupy" protest movement negatively impacted Hong Kong's development and reform to its political system. Differences of opinion between people from the mainland and Hong Kong have surged。
2014年对香港特别行政区来说喜忧交加：“沪港通”开锣、粤港基本实现服务贸易自由化、广东自贸区获批；与此同时，长达两个多月的“占中”非法集会也对香港的发展与政制改革带来不良影响，两地人员交流往来也出现了一些摩擦。
I|Innovation
创新
Innovation is an engine to China's development, and reform an ignitor to the engine. As the economy enters a "new normal", and growth slows, China's economy will rely more on innovation to drive its growth。
创新是中国发展的新引擎，而改革是必不可少的点火器。在经济步入新常态、增速明显放缓的大趋势下，中国经济更加需要依靠创新驱动。
J|Jobs
就业＆创业
The number of jobs forecast to be created this year will be revealed at the annual legislative session. In the past two years, despite an economic slowdown, the number of newly-created jobs has increased steadily. China is promoting employment through encouraging business start-ups, cutting red tape and delegating power to lower-level governments。
今年中国决心创造多少新就业岗位，将在两会中披露。近两年，在经济增速放缓的同时，新增就业人数却稳步上升。中国正在用激励创业、简政放权的办法推动就业。
K|Key Policies
关键政策
China's fiscal and monetary policies in 2015 under the circumstances of slowed economic growth are the key focus of the two sessions。
在经济增速放缓的情况下，中国如何制定2015年的财政政策与货币政策，将成为两会的重中之重。
L|Law
法治
2015 has been defined by the Chinese leadership as "the first year of comprehensively promoting the rule of law". The two sessions are expected to address legal and judicial aspects in detail: for example, a bill to amend the Legislation Law。
2015年是中国全面推进依法治国的开局之年。两会将具体细化依法治国各项任务，如审议立法法修正案草案。
M|Military
国防军事
China's military expenditure will definitely become one of the most discussed topics during the two sessions in Western and domestic media. The question China faces is how to build and manage a stronger army in new conditions。
两会将披露一个海内外极其关注的数据：中国的军费。新形势下中国如何治军强军成为关注焦点。
N|New Normal
新常态
"New normal" is a buzz word in 2014 and it will be the first appearance of the word at the two sessions since it became a guideline for Chinese leaders in economic policy-making。
“新常态”名列2014年度中国十大新词语榜首，并已经成为领导人制订经济政策的依据。今年两会，是“新常态”一词成为政策话语后的第一次两会。
O|Opening up
开放
China became a net foreign investor for the first time in 2014. However, foreign capital still plays a vital role in the Chinese economy, especially in improving the quality and efficiency of growth and in driving innovation. In 2015, China will further open up its service sector, guided by experience distilled from the Shanghai Free Trade Zone。
2014年，中国第一次成为对外净投资国。但是，外资对中国经济仍然必不可少，特别体现在经济提质增效和创新驱动发展等方面。2015年，中国将继续扩大多个领域对外开放，同时推广上海自贸区经验。
P|Pollution
污染问题
"We will resolutely declare war against pollution as we declared war against poverty," said Premier Li Keqiang at the parliamentary sessions last year. A poll has showed that pollution control and environmental protection remains one of the biggest areas of public concern ahead of the two sessions。
“我们要像对贫困宣战一样，坚决向污染宣战。”去年两会上李克强总理的这句话掷地有声。网调显示，污染问题和环境治理是今年两会前最受公众关注的话题之一。
Q|Quality
质量
China will not pursue statistical growth single-mindedly, but try to strike a balance where industrial transformation and upgrading and a rational growth rate can all be achieved. The country is embarking on a development path characterized by efficiency, quality, sustainability and steadiness。
中国表示将不再简单追求增长速度，而将在转型升级与保持合理增长区间内找到一个黄金平衡点，追求有效率、高质量、可持续、更稳健有力的发展。
R|Reform
改革
This year has been defined by the top leadership as a crucial period for deepening reform. In which fields will these reforms take place? The government work report will give the answer。
用领导人的话说，以全面深化改革为特征的中国新改革今年进入了关键之年。改革将在哪些领域落笔？《政府工作报告》将给出答案。
S|Silk Road
丝绸之路
It is widely expected that more tangible achievements will be made in the "Belt and Road" networks. At their local legislative sessions, 31 Chinese provinces, cities and autonomous regions said they would actively participate in or support the building of the Silk Road Economic Belt and 21st Century Maritime Silk Road。
各方普遍预测2015年将成为“一带一路”(丝绸之路经济带和21世纪海上丝绸之路)做深做实的一年。多个省市区在地方两会上表示将积极参与或服务于“一带一路”。
T|Tibet
西藏
2015 marks the 50th anniversary of the founding of the Tibet Autonomous Region. The Chinese central government's policies on governing Tibet will attract attention from reporters home and abroad。
2015年是西藏自治区成立50周年。中央治藏政策将是海内外记者们关注的话题。
U|United States
中美关系
Xi Jinping is scheduled to pay a State visit to the United States in September. Last year, China and the United States reached consensus in aspects including visa arrangements, trade and military trust. The two sides also released the landmark China-U.S. Joint Announcement on Climate Change. Reporters will try to get some hints on how China and the United States will rise above their differences。
习近平主席将于今年9月应邀对美进行国事访问。去年中美就签证互惠、军事互信、贸易谈判等问题达成多项协议与共识，还发表了具有里程碑意义的《中美气候变化联合声明》。未来两国如何拓展合作、管控分歧，各国记者们很可能借两会场合一探究竟。
V|Values
价值观
Authorities believe that moral and ethical education should run through the reform and opening up and influence ordinary people's lives, with the core socialist values of harmony, integrity and fairness being cultivated。
中国正提倡把精神文明建设贯穿改革开放和现代化全过程、渗透社会生活各方面，并大力培育和谐、公正、平等等社会主义核心价值观。
W|World
世界
Given China's fast development and closer ties with other nations, the world cares ever more about Chinese views and attitudes. Attention will be given to a series of regional hot-spot issues and worldwide issues at the two sessions。
随着中国的迅速发展和与世界的联系更加紧密，“中国怎么看”正变得越来越重要。一系列全球和地区热点话题将在两会受到关注。
X|Xi Jinping
习近平
The schedule of the Chinese President Xi Jinping will be closely watched. International and domestic media are wondering what he will say when discussing state affairs with national lawmakers and political advisors。
国家主席习近平的两会日程引人注目，国内外媒体都关注他与代表委员共商国是时会讲到什么。
Y|Year
承前启后之年
2015 marks the final year of China's 12th Five-Year Plan, and will also usher in the 13th Five-Year Plan towards the end of the year. The two sessions comes at a crucial period of time in between。
今年是全面完成“十二五”规划的收官之年，中国即将开启“十三五”规划。两会恰逢全面建成小康社会承前启后的关键时间点。
Z|Zone
自贸区
A year and a half after the launch of the pioneering Shanghai FTZ, similar FTZs in Guangdong, Fujian and Tianjin have been approved and may have an official kick-off very soon. Experts say they are not simple copies of the Shanghai FTZ, but more regionally integrated, targeted, and differentiated in their functions。
中国首个自由贸易试验区正式于上海挂牌近一年半后，粤闽津三个新设自贸区正式挂牌之日渐近。专家认为新一批自贸区并非对上海自贸区经验的简单复制，而是区域化特征明显、目标指向性更强，走差异化道路。
A new Ariana Grande single is set to be released this week, and opened up about some of the messages on her most recent album.
A妹Ariana Grande的新单曲将于本周发行，她对新专辑的含义发表了一些想法。
The singer announced on social media that "Imagine" will make its debut at midnight on 14 December, 2019 – this coming Friday.
这位歌手在社交媒体上宣布，新单《Imagine》将在2019年12月14日午夜 - 也就是这周星期五 - 亮相。
She posted a countdown on her Instagram Story and posted: "'Imagine' Thursday night."
她在Instagram故事中发布倒计时并发文：“《Imagine》周四晚。”
Grande also shared more on the meaning of her album Sweetener, which came out in August, two months before Grande and SNL comedian Pete Davidson called off their engagement.
A妹还分享了她在八月份发布的专辑《Sweetener》的含义，（专辑发布两个月前A妹和SNL喜剧演员皮特戴维森取消了订婚。）
The singer has addressed some of her past relationships on the album, including in the video for her single "thank u, next", in which she flips through a "burn book" filled with photos of her exes.
这位歌手在那张专辑里提到了她以前的一些情感经历，在她的单曲《Thank you,next》的MV中，她翻阅了一本充满她前任照片的“烧书”。
“A lot of this album mourns failed yet important, beautiful relationships in my life (as well as celebrates growth / exploring new independence),” she wrote in a draft, which she shared on her Instagram Story.
“这张专辑的很多内容哀悼在我的生活中失去的重要而美好的关系（以及庆祝成长/探索新的独立性），”她在Ins上这样分享道。
“But for those of you asking about 'Imagine': I would say if 'thank u, next’=acceptance… ‘imagine'=denial. Hope that makes sense.”
“但对于那些询问《Imagine》的人：我会说《Thank you, next》'=接受......《Imagine》=拒绝。希望这样大家能更明白一点。”
Grande recently called 2018 "one of the best years of my careers and the worst of my life" at a Billboard Women in Music event, where she was being honoured.
A妹最近在美国公告牌女性音乐人的活动中被颁奖时称2018年为“我职业生涯中最美好的一年，也是我个人生活中最糟糕的一年”。
She added: “I just want to say if you're someone out there who has no idea what this next chapter's gonna bring, you're not alone in that."
她补充说：“我只是想说，如果你现在不知道人生的下一章会是什么样的话，你不是一个人。”
Singer Ariana Grande and Pete Davidson have called time on their five-month romance, according to TMZ - they got engaged after just four weeks.
据媒体TMZ报道，歌手爱莉安娜·格兰德和皮特-戴维森在交往四个月后订婚，而订婚后五个月又解除了婚约。
Both parties have acknowledged it simply 'wasn't the right time for them', amid claims the shock death of her ex, Mac Miller on September 7, from an 'overdose,' was a 'breaking point' for the couple.
两方都说“时机不对”，爱莉安娜的前男友迈克·米勒因“服用药物过量”于9月7日离世，这件事对两人关系造成了冲击。
Sources say that the duo, who went public with their romance in May, 'still have love for each other, but things are over romantically.'
相关人士表示五月公开恋情的爱莉安娜和皮特“依然爱着对方，但是现在不是谈情说爱的时候。”
Moreover, The Blast reported that sources close to the former couple said that Ariana, 25, 'needs time to 'work on herself.''
媒体The Blast报道，两人身边亲近人士表示，今年25岁的爱莉安娜“需要时间治疗自己。”
Pete, 24, and Ariana confirmed their engagement in June after dating for a matter of weeks with the songstress flashing a massive pear-shaped engagement ring worth $100,000.
六月，24岁的皮特和爱莉安娜确认订婚，彼时两人刚约会几周，爱莉安娜还戴上了价值十万美元的梨形婚戒。
It's been a difficult time for the God Is A Woman hitmaker as she dealt with the sudden death of her ex-boyfriend Mac Miller last month, who she split up with shortly before embarking on a romance with the Saturday Night Live funny man.
对爱莉安娜来说，面对上月前男友的突然离世这件事非常困难，爱莉安娜和迈克分手不久，就与皮特谈起了恋爱。
Miller was found dead from a suspected drugs overdose at his home in Los Angeles on September 7. The Self Care rapper dated Grande from 2016 until May of 2018.
9月7日，迈克被发现于洛杉矶家中过度服用药物导致死亡。迈克和爱莉安娜的恋爱关系从2016年开始，持续到2018年五月。
China’s domestic stock markets look set to be denied entry into international benchmarks for the fourth year in a row unless Chinese regulators remove major obstacles before next June.
中国A股看起来将会连续第四年被拒绝纳入国际基准指数，除非中国监管机构在明年6月前消除主要障碍。
Dimitris Melas, head of equity research at MSCI, provider of the benchmark MSCI Emerging Markets index, gave a downbeat assessment yesterday of the prospects for China’s A-shares to be included in the index next year, in spite of the imminent opening of the Shenzhen stock market to global investors.
MSCI明晟新兴市场指数(MSCI Emerging Markets index)的提供方MSCI明晟(MSCI)的股票研究主管季米特里斯.梅拉斯(Dimitris Melas)，昨日对中国A股明年纳入该指数的前景做出了悲观评估，尽管深圳股市即将对全球投资者开放。
The inclusion of an initial 5 per cent of A-shares into the MSCI Emerging Markets Index would be seen as a pivotal moment in China’s gradual opening to flows of global capital.
若A股最初以5%的权重纳入MSCI新兴市场指数，将被视为中国逐步向全球资本开放的关键时刻。
Accession to the benchmark, which includes 833 stocks from 23 emerging markets, would oblige fund managers who track the index to invest in Chinese A-shares, triggering huge inflows of capital to China.
MSCI新兴市场指数包含来自23个新兴市场的833只股票，中国A股纳入该指数将迫使追踪该指数的基金公司投资中国A股，从而引发巨额资金流入中国。
Clients have recognised that a lot of the obstacles [to A-share inclusion] are being removed, so there is progress, said Mr Melas.
梅拉斯表示：客户已经意识到许多（阻碍A股纳入的）障碍正在消除，因此有所进展。
Having said that, clients also recognise that there are still some major obstacles.
话虽如此，客户也意识到，现在仍存在一些主要障碍。
Optimism over the potential inclusion of A-shares has grown in recent weeks as China prepares to launch the Hong Kong-Shenzhen Stock Connect, which may open next week.
随着中国准备启动深港通(Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect)——可能于下周启动——最近几周外界对该指数可能纳入A股日益乐观。
The stock connect, together with an existing trading link between Hong Kong and Shanghai, will be the only direct route for foreign investors to trade mainland stocks without prior approval from Beijing.
深港通与现有的沪港通将是外国投资者在不用预先获得中国政府批准情况下投资A股的仅有直接渠道。
The scheme eases accessibility for ?foreign investors to China’s domestic markets — one of the sticking points preventing MSCI from granting A-share inclusion.
深港通可以让外国投资者进入中国国内市场变得更便利——外资准入问题是阻止MSCI纳入A股的症结之一。
Another obstacle is that foreign investors who sell Chinese shares can only repatriate 20 per cent of their holdings a month, meaning it would take five months to trade out of China’s markets.
另一个障碍是，卖出A股的外国投资者每月汇出资金不能超过境内资产的20%，这意味着他们需要5个月时间才能退出中国市场。
In addition, moves by the Chinese authorities last year to rescue plummeting stock prices by suspending hundreds of shares created real problems for foreign fund managers, with many stocks still suspended, Mr Melas said.
此外，梅拉斯表示，中国当局去年为救市而让数百只股票停牌对外国基金公司造成了切实的问题，如今还有许多股票处于停牌当中。
MSCI, the index provider, will announce next week whether it plans to include Chinese A shares — those listed in Shanghai and Shenzhen — in its emerging markets index from May 2016.
指数提供商摩根士丹利资本国际(MSCI)将于下周宣布是否计划从2016年5月起将中国A股纳入其新兴市场指数。中国A股是指在上海和深圳市场上市的股票。
The group says that Tuesday’s decision will not be its own but a “reflection” of the views of its clients, and follows a year-long consultation. MSCI did not include A shares last June after a pushback from investors.
MSCI表示，下周二的决定将不是它一己的决定，而是将“反映”其客户的意见，因在此之前它进行了长达一年的意见咨询活动。去年6月，在受到投资者抵制后，MSCI没有将中国A股纳入其指数。
What are the possible outcomes on June 9?
6月9日可能会出现什么结果？
A simple Yes or No on whether A shares will be added to the index, which is tracked by funds worth close to $1.7tn. At the moment only Chinese stocks listed in Hong Kong are included in the index, although New York-listed Chinese companies, including Alibaba and Baidu, will join in November.
关于中国A股是否会被纳入近1.7万亿美元资金追踪着的MSCI新兴市场指数的问题，MSCI只会简单地回答“会”或者“不会”。就目前而言，只有在香港上市的中国公司被纳入该指数，不过该指数将在今年11月纳入在纽约上市的中国公司，包括阿里巴巴(Alibaba)和百度(Baidu)。
Has much changed in the past year?
过去一年里变化大吗？
The launch of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect has revolutionised the way foreign funds access China, sidestepping longstanding quota and licence systems.
“沪港通”的推出让境外资金进入中国的方式发生了革命性的变化，绕过了长期存在的配额和牌照机制。
However, many issues remain with Stock Connect, largely concerning legal ownership rights and settlement. A Shenzhen link is in the works for this year.
然而，“沪港通”依然存在许多问题，主要与法律所有权和结算事宜有关。“深港通”仍在筹备之中，有望今年启动。
Chinese authorities have been doling out investment quotas, giving investors improved access through the traditional routes.
中国有关部门近年一直在发放投资配额，让投资者更容易通过传统渠道进入中国市场。
What difference would inclusion make?
将A股纳入MSCI指数将会带来什么影响？
Passive global funds would have to buy shares right away to match the index, while active managers would probably add them over time to reposition against the altered benchmark.
被动型全球基金将不得不立即买入A股来匹配该指数，而主动型基金公司很可能会逐步配置A股，根据变更后的基准指数调整持仓情况。
An initial estimate is that $20bn of foreign money would go into Chinese stocks to meet the MSCI target of a 1 per cent weighting in the EM index. That compares with the $23.8bn that has gone into China via Stock Connect since November.
初步估计是，由于MSCI计划让A股占到MSCI新兴市场指数权重的1%，因此将会有200亿美元的海外资金进入A股。而自去年11月以来已经有238亿美元的资金借道“沪港通”进入中国内地市场。
Chinese shares posted their biggest one-day fall in a month yesterday, with indices closing more than 6 per cent lower after a late sell-off.
中国股市昨天出现一个月来最大单日跌幅，在尾盘抛售之后，沪深股指收跌逾6%。
The Shanghai Composite fell 6.4 per cent to 2,741.2, having been down as much as 6.8 per cent in the final 15 minutes of trading. The tech-focused Shenzhen Composite shed 7.3 per cent to 1,738.67, while the CSI 300 — comprising the top 300 stocks on the two bourses — ended down 6.1 per cent.
上证综指(Shanghai Composite)下跌6.4%，至2741.2点，在交易日最后15分钟跌幅曾高达6.8%。以科技股为主的深证综指(Shenzhen Composite)下跌7.3%，至1738.67点，涵盖沪深两市前300只股票的沪深300(CSI 300)指数收跌6.1%。
All three benchmarks are down more than 20 per cent so far this year.
今年到目前为止，所有三个基准指数跌幅都超过了20%。
“Investors can be demanding and unforgiving,” said Steven Sun, HSBC’s head of Hong Kong-China equity research. “China’s financial market is increasingly correlated with global financial markets, and different asset classes are becoming more correlated with each other. As far as the equity market is concerned, this dynamic has translated into new levels of volatility.”
汇丰(HSBC)香港-中国股市研究部门主管孙瑜(Steven Sun)表示：“投资者可能要求很高，而且不肯宽恕。中国金融市场与全球金融市场的关联度日益提高，不同资产类别之间的关联度也在提高。就股市而言，这种格局导致市场波动达到新的水平。”
Yesterday’s tumble comes ahead of the two-day meeting of G20 finance ministers and central bankers in Shanghai, which begins today. Against a backdrop of a slowing Chinese economy, Yi Gang, the central bank’s deputy governor, reassured attendees at a conference on the eve of the G20 meeting that demand would “remain fairly strong” for the foreseeable future.
昨天的股市暴跌发生在20国集团(G20)财长和央行行长在上海召开两天会议之前——该会议将于今天开幕。在中国经济放缓的背景下，中国央行(PBoC)副行长易纲在G20会议前夕的一次记者会上宽慰与会者，表示在可预见的未来中国需求将“维持强劲”。
HSBC expects the Chinese market to rebound in the coming months, in part because of a more stable renminbi. Mr Sun said a surge in share buybacks in January had been an “accurate indicator of the market and valuations bottoming out” in 2001 and 2008.
汇丰预计中国股市在未来几个月里会出现反弹，在一定程度上得益于更稳定的人民币。孙瑜表示，1月份股票回购的激增曾在2001年和2008年“准确预示了股市和估值的触底回升”。
Shanghai’s fall was the worst one-day decline since January 26, when the index dropped 6.4 per cent. The Shenzhen Composite’s drop was its biggest since an 8.2 per cent fall on January 7, when a rapid plunge triggered circuit breakers and closed the market in the first half-hour of trade.
沪市这次下跌是1月26日（当日沪指下跌6.4%）以来最大单日跌幅。深证综指则出现自1月7日8.2%的跌幅以来的最大跌幅。1月7日的迅速暴跌曾引发股市熔断机制，在最初半个小时就导致股市闭市。
Yesterday’s fall takes the Shanghai and Shenzhen exchanges back to levels last touched just before the lunar new year holiday. Shanghai shares are just 3.1 per cent away from a 15-month low reached at the end of January.
昨天的下跌令沪市和深市重返春节假期前刚刚触及的水平。沪指只比1月底触及的15个月低点高了3.1%。
As finance officials from G20 countries began to descend on the city to discuss the state of the global economy — much of which is in thrall to the slowdown in growth in China — a senior central bank official yesterday sounded a note of reassurance. “For the foreseeable future our demand will remain fairly strong,” said Yi Gang, deputy governor of the People’s Bank of China. “We will continue to increase imports of crude oil by maybe 7 or 10 per cent a year and for other commodities we will have very strong demand.”
在20国集团(G20)的财政官员陆续抵达上海讨论全球经济状况之际（目前全球经济有很大一部分受制于中国增长放缓），中国央行一位高官昨日发表安抚人心的言论。“在可预见的未来，中国的需求仍会维持保持较为强劲的状态，”中国人民银行(PBoC)副行长易纲表示。“中国将继续增加原油进口，例如以7%-10%的年均增速。中国对其他大宗商品的需求也会维持强劲。”
But stock markets were painting a different picture. The Shanghai Composite ended 6.41 per cent lower at 2,741.2 while the tech-focused Shenzhen Composite dropped 7.34 per cent to 1,738.67.
但是，股市描绘了一幅不同的画面。上证综指(Shanghai Composite)收跌6.41%，至2741.2点，而科技股集中的深证综指(Shenzhen Composite)收跌7.34%，至1738.67点。
Both are down more than 20 per cent this year, dented by fears of slowing economic expansion and rising debt levels in a country that has been the engine of global growth for much of the past decade. Consequent currency weakness and capital flight have fed back and compounded these fears.
沪深股指今年以来双双下跌逾20%，拖累股市的主要因素是，投资者担心在过去10年大部分时间里构成全球增长引擎的中国经济扩张放缓，负债上升。随之而来的人民币弱势和资本外流形成反馈，加剧了前述担忧。
Seeking to allay these concerns, China’s central bank said that the renminbi would remain “relatively stable” though there would be more volatility in the exchange rate against the dollar.
为消除这些担忧，中国央行表示，人民币汇率将保持“相对稳定”，尽管兑美元汇率会有更多波动。
“Fluctuation with the US dollar will be a little bit more than before whereas renminbi [value] relative to a basket of currencies will be relatively stable,” Mr Yi said.
易纲表示，人民币兑美元汇率的波动会比之前多一点，而人民币的币值对一篮子货币会相对稳定。
The PBoC has been criticised in recent months for failing to communicate its policy intentions clearly after a “one-off” devaluation of the renminbi in August and later saying that the market should assess the currency’s stability against a basket of 13 currencies rather than the dollar alone.
中国央行在最近几个月受到批评，称其未能清楚传达自己的政策意图。去年8月，中国央行让人民币“一次性”贬值，随后表示市场应当参照一篮子13种货币（而不仅仅是美元）来评估人民币的稳定性。
“We are not pegging to a basket strictly,” added Mr Yi, who is a leading candidate to succeed Zhou Xiaochuan as head of the PBoC.
“我们不会严格对于篮子货币挂钩，”易纲补充道。他是接替周小川出任中国央行行长的领先候选人。
“We can still determine interest rates. We take the basket as a reference but not exactly [a] peg?.?.?.?to maintain relative stability of the renminbi.”
他表示，中国仍“有能力决定国内自身的利率水平”，并将一篮子货币作为一个参照而不是盯住，借此保持人民币汇率的相对稳定。
With the exception of Mr Zhou’s appearance at a G20 meeting in Ankara in September, senior PBoC officials have been largely invisible on the international stage. When they have spoken, it has been almost exclusively through state-controlled media outlets such asCaixin, a leading Chinese financial magazine with which Mr Zhou had a recent interview.
除了去年9月周小川在安卡拉G20会议上露面外，中国央行高层近几个月在国际舞台上基本不见踪影。当他们表态时，他们几乎完全通过国家控制的媒体机构，如最近采访周小川的中国领先财经杂志《财新周刊》。
Weeks after renewed turmoil on China’s equity and currency markets shocked global investors in early January, Beijing sent an influential policy adviser to the World Economic Forum in Davos to argue that reforms to rebalance the country’s traditionally investment-led economy remained on track.
在1月初中国股市和汇市再起风波、震惊全球投资者的几周后，北京方面派出一个有影响力的政策顾问出席达沃斯世界经济论坛(WEF)，他提出，为了转型中国的传统投资拉动型经济而推行的改革仍然走在正轨上。
Mr Zhou is scheduled to speak in Shanghai this morning, where he will be questioned on how the Chinese government can keep the renminbi relatively stable without heavily depleting its foreign exchange reserves. China’s forex stockpile fell by more than an aggregate $200bn in December and January as the PBoC sought to cushion the renminbi’s fall against the dollar. However, at $3.3tn it remains far higher than those of international peers.
周小川定于今日上午在上海发言，他将面对这样一个问题：中国政府如何能够在不大量消耗外汇储备的情况下保持人民币相对稳定？随着中国央行试图遏制人民币相对于美元过度下跌，中国外汇储备在12月和1月共计减少逾2000亿美元。然而，目前为3.3万亿美元的外汇储备仍远高于其它国家。
“Capital outflows are increasing but it is not all due to bad reasons,” said Qu Hongbin, China chief economist at HSBC. “By our estimates 60 per cent of outflows over the past 18 months came from Chinese corporates paying down their dollar debt at a time when Chinese borrowing costs are lower and the US is hiking rates.”
“资本外流正在增加，但并非全都是由于不好的原因，”汇丰(HSBC)中国首席经济学家屈宏斌表示。“据我们估计，过去18个月流出的资金中，有60%源自中国企业偿还美元债务，目前美国在加息，中国的借款成本较低。”
Zhu Guangyao, vice-finance minister, yesterday acknowledged market concerns about policy transparency in China. “Transparency is important for people to understand what we are doing,” he said. “We understand that as [the world’s] second-largest economy our policies spill over to others.”
中国副财长朱光耀昨日承认市场对中国的政策透明度存在担忧。“透明度对于人们了解我们在做什么很重要，”他说。“我们明白，作为全球第二大经济体，我们的政策会有溢出效应。”
However, Beijing officials also made clear that culpability lay elsewhere too, citing concerns from higher interest rates in the US to negative ones in Japan.
然而，中国官员们也明确表示，其它国家也有过错，他们提到了种种关切，从美国加息到日本实行负利率。
“We also understand that US policy spills over to China [and] we want to strengthen policy co-ordination,” Mr Zhu said. “That is why the G20 this time is more important.”
“我们也明白，美国的政策对中国具有溢出效应，我们希望加强政策协调，”朱光耀表示。“这就是为什么此次G20会议格外重要。”
A lack of clarity on tax, foreign exchange and central bank policy are deterring Baillie Gifford’s Richard Sneller from buying mainland Chinese equities, even though he views the market as a strong opportunity.
Baillie Gifford的基金经理理查德?斯内勒(Richard Sneller)认为，由于中国的税收、外汇和央行政策缺乏透明度，他没有购买中国内地的股票，尽管他认为这个市场蕴含着很大的机遇。
The fund manager has roughly 17 per cent of his portfolio in Chinese stocks, but this is entirely via Hong Kong-listed “H” shares, rather than the Shanghai-listed “A” share variety.
斯内勒的投资组合中大约有17%是中国企业股票，但他只买入香港上市的H股，没有在上海的A股。
He has co-managed the Emerging Markets Growth fund for more than a decade, in which time the fund has returned 235 per cent versus benchmark returns of 183 per cent, according to FE Analytics, the data provider.
斯内勒与他人共同管理“新兴市场增长基金”(Emerging Markets Growth)逾十年，数据提供商FE Analytics的数据显示，在此期间该基金实现了235%的回报率，而同期基准指数的回报率是183%。
In the past five years, however, it has only narrowly outperformed the index.
然而，在过去5年里，该基金的表现仅略好于基准指数。
Mr Sneller said in spite of the Hong Kong-ShanghaiStock Connect scheme, which has made foreign investment in China easier, there were still issues preventing him from buying mainland stocks.
斯内勒表示，尽管中国推出了沪港通，但由于某些问题，他仍不愿购买内地股票。沪港通可以让外国人更容易地投资于中国内地股市。
“We do spend time looking at the A-share market but we are not there yet,” he said.
他说：“我们的确花时间研究了A股市场，但我们目前还没有在那里投资。”
These issues include a lack of clarity surrounding how capital gains tax is levied on investments.
其中一个问题是中国没有澄清如何对相关投资所得征收资本利得税。
He added there were concerns surrounding foreign exchange as well as the flow of money in and out of the country when stocks are bought and sold.
他补充称，在外汇方面，以及在买卖股票时资金进出中国方面，也都存在令人担忧的问题。
“There is an element of discretion by the central bank in terms of taking large amounts of money out,” he said.
他说：“对于转出大笔资金的做法，中国央行有一定的自行决定权。”
Mr Sneller’s biggest bet is on information technology, especially companies targeting emerging market consumers.
斯内勒重点押注信息技术领域，尤其是那些以新兴市场消费者为目标客户的公司。
“We have 50 per cent of the portfolio in IT companies, which is a very large position, but we are excited about them as we feel the valuations are failing to understand the long-term shifts in consumer behaviour,” he said.
他说：“我们有50%的投资组合投向IT公司，这是非常大的仓位，但我们对这些公司感到非常兴奋，因为我们觉得它们的估值未能体现出消费者行为的长期转变。”
However Mr Sneller acknowledged this was the “biggest risk” to the portfolio, given that investors can sometimes get “too excited about technology companies”.
然而，斯内勒承认，鉴于投资者有时“对科技公司过于狂热”，这是该投资组合的“最大风险”。
Mr Sneller said while he and his team followed the Baillie Gifford style of bottom-up, long-term investing, the cycles in emerging markets were often “shorter and sharper”, so the economic backdrop is not ignored.
斯内勒表示，尽管他和他的团队遵循Baillie Gifford的自下而上(bottom-up)、长线投资的风格，但新兴市场的周期通常“更为短暂和剧烈”，因此他们不会忽视经济背景。
As China was likely to be cutting back on infrastructure and property investment, he said was “fairly negative on a top-down macro view” on countries such as Brazil and South Africa, which are strongly linked to the commodity cycle.
他说，由于中国在基础设施和房地产领域的投资可能减少，“按照自上而下的宏观分析方法”，这对巴西和南非等与大宗商品周期联系紧密国家“有相当大的负面影响”。
The fund also has 20 per cent position in India focused on export-orientated IT outsourcing companies.
该基金还有20%的仓位投资于印度，重点是以出口为导向的IT外包公司。
Bradley Gerrard is news editor at Investment Adviser
本文作者是英国《金融时报》旗下刊物Investment Adviser的新闻编辑
Understandably, David Cameron ignored Foreign Office advice in signing the UK up to membership of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank. If one took any notice of those killjoys, one would never do anything fun, such as importing dangerous wild animals, holidaying in Yemen or lending moral support to a repressive superpower.
戴维?卡梅伦(David Cameron)没有理会英国外交部(Foreign Office)的建议，拍板让英国加入亚洲基础设施投资银行(Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank，简称亚投行) ，这是可以理解的。如果理会英国外交部那帮扫兴的人，就永远干不了好玩的事情，比如进口危险的野生动物、在也门度假，或者向一个专制的超级大国给予道义支持。
The FO tried to block the UK’s application, which George Osborne had sponsored, predicting it would annoy the Americans. The US controls the World Bank, the most hated development bank in the southern hemisphere, and does not want rivals for that valuable franchise.
英国申请加入亚投行是由财政大臣乔治?奥斯本(George Osborne)主推的，英国外交部尝试阻止这一行动，预测此举将惹恼美国。美国控制着世界银行(World Bank)——在南半球最遭人痛恨的一家发展银行，美国不想看到任何对手插手这项宝贵的事业。
The chancellor, however, is keen to foster Anglo-Chinese relations, and with them Chinese investment in the City of London. This is a worthy aim. the Square Mile is already Europe’s main centre for renminbi trading. The London Metal Exchange is Chinese-owned, Lloyd’s has Chinese participants and giant Chinese asset manager Harvest is in the process of setting up a UK subsidiary.
然而，英国财相热衷于促进英中关系，希望借此增进中国对伦敦金融城(City of London)的投资。这是一个颇具价值的目标。弹丸之地的伦敦金融城已成为欧洲主要的人民币交易中心。伦敦金属交易所(London Metal Exchange)已经为中资所有，劳合社(Lloyd's of London)有中资参与，中国资产管理巨头嘉实(Harvest Capital Management)正在组建一个英国子公司。
The coup of becoming the first EU state to announce its membership of the AIIB shows the UK proudly taking its place in the world: as a nation capable of achieving a brief diplomatic advantage over Luxembourg. It is moot whether this will make any difference to a City trend driven by liquidity. Contact with Bank of England officials may however show Chinese bankers which practices are best avoided.
英国出其不意地成为第一个宣布加入亚投行的欧盟(EU)国家，表明英国自豪于自己在世界上占据的地位：一个在短时间内拥有相对于卢森堡的外交优势的国家。至于此举对于由流动性驱动的伦敦金融城趋势将带来什么不同，则是无关紧要的。不过，接触一下英国央行(Bank of England)的官员们，或许能提醒中国的银行家们什么样的做法最好避免。
They, for their part, have vanquished logic by creating an exclusive club almost anyone appears able to join.
中方做到了不合逻辑的事情：建立一个似乎谁都能加入的专属俱乐部。
Mr Osborne must now score a lasting victory over the expansionism of Luxembourg. He must ensure the AIIB’s European office is in the UK. Birmingham, maybe? HSBC, another Asia-rooted group is moving its UK bank there. And there is a nice pagoda in the city centre that will help Chinese bankers feel at home.
现在，面对卢森堡的扩张主义，奥斯本必须赢得一场持久的胜利。他必须保证亚投行的欧洲分部设在英国。伯明翰或许不错？在亚洲源远流长的另一家银行汇丰(HSBC)正将英国总部迁往此地。伯明翰的市中心有一座漂亮的佛塔，或许会让中国的银行家们产生故乡的感觉。
The listing of Alibaba in New York in September created the world’s second-largest internet company by market capitalisation, behind Google. This did not happen by accident. Of the top 10 internet companies in the world, ranked by market cap, three are Chinese, and the rest are from the US.
9月，阿里巴巴(Alibaba)在纽约上市，成为以市值衡量的全球第二大互联网公司，仅次于谷歌(Google)。这并非偶然。在市值最高的全球十大互联网公司中，3家来自中国，其他则来自美国。
Together, Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent form what is know in China as “BAT”. These economic juggernauts that have come to dominate the internet in China are operating almost along the lines of Japan’s keiretsu, which are alliances of businesses with similar interests or that have shareholdings in one another. They are also rapidly branching out into offline sectors, such as transport, travel, retail and banking.
在中国，百度(Baidu)、阿里巴巴和腾讯(Tencent)被合称为“BAT”。这些巨头主宰了中国互联网，它们的经营模式与日本的“经连体系”(keiretsu)非常相似，后者是由利益相似或者互相控股的企业组成的联盟。它们还迅速延展到线下行业，比如交通、旅游、零售和银行业。
Whether the rapid growth of the Chinese internet is just a bubble or a stable trend is open to question. However, for the time being at least, BAT has become the nucleus of an internet industry that is starting to rival the US, creating what is essentially a US-China duopoly. The three Chinese companies also benefit from what has become known as the “Great Firewall”, as most of the top US companies, such as Google, Facebook and Twitter, are excluded from operating in China.
中国互联网的飞速发展到底是泡沫，还是一种稳定趋势，还须拭目以待。然而，至少就目前来看，BAT已经成为了中国互联网行业的核心，而中国的互联网行业已经开始与美国相匹敌，基本上形成了一种中美双头垄断的格局。这3家中国企业也受益于广为人知的“长城防火墙”(Great Firewall)。依靠这个防火墙，中国把美国的多数领头企业，如谷歌、Facebook和Twitter拒之门外。
However, no Chinese internet company has yet made the leap from China to become a global brand. For now, it is enough for them be dominant in China, which had 632m internet users as of June, 527m of whom go online using mobile devices. The potential of the forecast consumption boom, as China moves from an investment-driven economy to a consumption-driven one, is enough to attract investments such as the $25bn sunk into Alibaba in its initial public offering, the largest ever.
然而，目前还没有哪家中国互联网企业跳出中国，成为一个全球品牌。目前来看，它们能在中国占据主导地位就足够了。6月的数据显示，中国有6.32亿网民，其中5.27亿网民使用移动设备上网。随着中国经济从投资驱动型转为消费驱动型，预计将出现的消费热潮蕴含的潜力，足以吸引大笔投资，比如阿里巴巴在首次公开募股(IPO)中筹得250亿美元，这也是目前规模最大的一次IPO。
The internet is the most dynamic part of China’s budding private sector, though it remains solidly under the control of the state. Foreigners hold large shareholdings in Alibaba, Tencent and Baidu and dozens of other internet companies. But these stakes are largely theoretical at best and owned via “variable interest entities”, or VIEs, which guarantee a payment stream from, but not ownership of, the licence-holding vehicles in China. These VIE’s are technically illegal, though Chinese courts turn a blind eye to the practice, and owners know their large holding only exists thanks to the tacit consent of the state.
互联网是中国崭露头角的私营部门中最活跃的部分，尽管其依然处于国家的严密控制之下。外国投资者持有阿里巴巴、腾讯、百度及其他数十家互联网企业的大量股份。但大体上，这些股份充其量不过是理论上的，是通过“可变利益实体”(variable interest entities, VIE)持有的，这保证持股人从持有许可证的中国企业那里得到支付流，但并不保证对企业的所有权。这些VIE理论上是违法的，但中国的法院对这种做法睁一只眼闭一只眼，而持股人也知道，他们持有的大量股份全都仰赖政府的默许。
Nimble private internet companies, able to dance circles around the inefficient state-owned enterprises, have begun impromptu liberalising of whole sectors such as financial services. Alibaba’s fund company Yu’e Bao is China’s biggest online money market fund, with Rmb574bn ($93.8bn) worth of assets
私营互联网企业非常灵活，能将低效的国企远远甩在后面。在并无事先谋划的情况下，这些企业已经开始在一些领域掀起整个行业的自由化，比如金融服务业。阿里巴巴的基金公司余额宝(Yu’e Bao)是中国最大的在线货币市场基金，资产总值达到5740亿元人民币（合938亿美元）。
The internet is a phenomenal wealth generator. Five of the 10 richest men in China are tech moguls, up from none three years ago, according to the Hurun China Rich List, which tracks wealthy individuals. In September, Alibaba founder Jack Ma joined the list in first place and became one of the wealthiest men in the world, with a 7.8 per cent stake in a $230bn company.
互联网也制造了非凡的财富。根据追踪富人的《胡润中国百富榜》(Hurun China Rich List)，中国最富有的10人中，5名是IT业大亨，而3年前他们还未能进入榜单。9月，凭借在当时市值2300亿美元的公司中7.8%的持股，阿里巴巴创始人马云(Jack Ma)一跃登上榜单首位，也成为全球最富裕的人之一。
Competition between internet companies is fierce, however. With the entire industry switching from desktop devices to mobile ones, many companies risk being left behind if they don’t have a “killer app” that will act as a gateway for mobile users.
不过，互联网企业之间的竞争非常激烈。随着整个互联网行业从桌面设备转至移动设备，对许多企业来说，如果他们没有一款“杀手级应用”，作为移动用户接入的通道的话，就有可能落在后面。
Alibaba has been searching for just such a feature to challenge the currently undisputed leadership of Tencent, whose WeChat instant messenger has 350m monthly users. WeChat and Tencent’s other messenger, QQ, are the two most popular mobile apps in China, according to iResearch, a Beijing-based internet research firm.
阿里巴巴一直在寻求推出这样一款应用，来挑战目前腾讯无可争议的领导地位，腾讯的即时消息应用微信(WeChat)有3.5亿月活跃用户。根据北京互联网咨询公司艾瑞咨询(iResearch)的数据，微信和腾讯旗下的另一款消息应用QQ是中国最受欢迎的两款移动应用。
In June, Alibaba bought UCWeb, a popular mobile browser company, and the two have developed Shenme, a mobile search engine. They are also working with Quixey, a US-based company in which Alibaba has invested, to design a mobile gateway using Quixey’s app search engine. Francis Bea of PapayaMobile, a Chinese mobile technology company, says Alibaba is attempting to mirror Tencent’s success with WeChat. He says: “In as highly competitive a market as China, there is potential for the mobile internet to disrupt established internet players if they don’t manage the transition from desktop to mobile.”
6月份，阿里巴巴收购了人气颇高的移动浏览器公司UC优视(UCWeb)，两家公司已联手开发移动搜索引擎“神马”。阿里巴巴还在与所投资的美国公司Quixey合作，拟利用Quixey的应用搜索引擎，设计一个类似的移动门户应用。中国移动技术公司木瓜移动(PapayaMobile)的弗朗西斯?贝亚(Francis Bea)表示，阿里巴巴试图复制腾讯在微信上取得的成功。他说：“在中国这样高度竞争性的市场，如果当前已确立市场地位的互联网企业不能处理好从桌面端到移动端的转移，移动互联网可能使它们陷入困境。”
Alibaba has spent an estimated $6bn-$8bn in the space of a year on full acquisitions of, or investments in, companies including mobile providers, chain stores, an internet TV company, a maker of electrical appliances, a movie producer, a digital broadcaster and a professional Chinese football team.
在仅一年之中，据估计阿里巴巴已经花去60亿到80亿美元，对企业进行全资收购或者投资。这些企业包括移动运营商、连锁店、网络电视公司、电子设备制造商、影视制作公司、数字电视台，甚至还有一支中国职业足球队。
While attention has focused on Alibaba’s acquisitions, Tencent and Baidu have been on similar spending sprees. Baidu is betting that its stake in Qunar, China’s top travel website by users, and mobile app store 91Wireless.com, will complement its popular search engine to carry it into the mobile age. Tencent has taken a stake in JD.com, China’s second-largest ecommerce platform, and mobile-friendly companies such as restaurant review site Dianping and South Korea’s CJ Games.
尽管人们的关注点集中在阿里巴巴的收购上，但腾讯和百度也进行了类似的大笔支出。百度投资了用户数量最多的国内旅行网站去哪儿(Qunar)和移动应用商店91无线(91 Wireless.com)，希望二者能与其广受欢迎的搜索引擎相互补充，将其带入移动时代。腾讯则入股中国第二大电商平台京东(JD.com)，以及一些适应移动时代的企业，如餐馆点评网站大众点评网(Dianping)和韩国游戏开发商CJ Games。
岁末来临，二十多部影片轮番上映(hit cinema)。而今年的贺岁片大战随着《龙门飞甲》和《金陵十三钗》的上映而硝烟四起，一场票房PK战也随之拉开帷幕！
December is a golden month for films. This year, the holiday season has attracted more than 20 rival movies. The most eagerly awaited among them are poised to be Flying Swords of Dragon Gate by Hong Kong director Tsui Hark, and Zhang Yimou’s The Flowers of War, which both hit cinemas on December 16. Both movies are big-budget blockbusters from directors with box office successes. Which one do you anticipate more? After reading the chart below, you may find your answer.
十二月是电影的黄金月。今年岁末有20多部影片激战贺岁档。而其中最令人期待的便要数香港导演徐克的《龙门飞甲》和张艺谋的《金陵十三钗》，两部影片都于12月16日上映。两部重金打造的大片都出自曾打造票房神话的导演之手。那么你更期待哪一部呢？读过下面的文章，也许你自会找到答案。
Flying Swords of Dragon Gate
《龙门飞甲》
Background
影片背景
This film is based on the story of 1992’s New Dragon Gate Inn, a work by Tsui Hark. Although Tsui denied that it would be a remake, but more of a reimagination, Flying Swords of Dragon Gate in a way builds on past glories.
该片延续了1992年徐克旧作《新龙门客栈》的故事情节，虽然徐克否认该片是重拍经典，但《龙门飞甲》更像是一部建立在过去的辉煌之中的二次创作。
Director and cast
导演及演员阵容
Tsui is known for making good wuxia films. His last wuxia work in 2010, Detective Dee and the Mystery of the Phantom Flame got rave reviews.
徐克，以擅长拍摄武侠电影而闻名。他上一部作品是2010年的《狄仁杰之通天帝国》，该片曾广受好评。
The cast of the film is full of stars, including kungfu master Jet Li, Zhou Xun, Chen Kun, Kwai Lun-mei, and singer-turned-actress Mavis Fan and Li Yuchun.
影片《龙门飞甲》可谓是全明星阵容，包括功夫大师李连杰、周迅、陈坤、桂纶镁以及歌而优则演的范晓萱和李宇春的加盟。
Quite apart from the story, the cast list alone would attract filmgoers.
撇开故事情节，单看演员阵容便会吸引影迷无数了。
Production
电影制作
Have you heard of a 3D wuxia film? No, because Flying Swords of Dragon Gate is a first of its kind. The film is shot entirely in 3D, and it comes out in the form of 3D and IMAX.
你听说过3D武侠片吗？肯定没有，因为《龙门飞甲》是该类型电影的开山之作。整部影片完全用3D手法拍摄，以3D和IMAX的电影形式上映。
Tsui has tailored his direction to take full advantage of the technology, in the action scenes and even in the more static application of 3D.
徐克调整了自己的导演方式，为的就是充分利用科技优势，将3D技术应用到武打甚至静态场面中去。
Tsui also invited Chuck Comisky, the visual-effects supervisor of the film Avatar, as the 3D director to manage the special effects.
他还特邀《阿凡达》视觉效果总监查克?康米斯盖，担任该片的3D视觉特效摄影指导。
Story
故事概要
Set in the Ming Dynasty, former general Zhou Huai’an (Jet Li) is determined to take down evil eunuch Yu Huatian (Chen Kun), to restore order in the palace.
明朝年间，前朝廷名将赵怀安（李连杰饰）决心诛除邪恶官宦雨化田（陈坤饰），以便重建宫廷秩序。
Meanwhile, a new gang of marauders have taken over the Dragon Inn: innkeepers by day and treasure hunters by night. The inn is the rumored location of a lost city with hidden treasure buried under the desert.
同时，一伙新劫掠者重新接管了龙门客栈：白天是酒店老板，晚上则化身为寻宝者。传说中，该客栈所在之处的沙漠下有一个藏有宝藏的失落之城。
As several groups cross paths at the Dragon Gate Inn, an epic confrontation is set to happen.
随着各路人马齐聚龙门客栈，一场激战即将展开。
201112/166215.shtml
The Flowers of War
《金陵十三钗》
Background
背景
December 13 marked the 74th anniversary of the Nanjing massacre. This film, which is based on a historical novel by Yan Geling, is set to pay tribute to the historical event–an element central to The Flowers of War.
12月13日正值南京大屠杀74周年祭。该影片根据严歌苓的历史小说改编，旨在向这一历史事件致敬，这也是该片的主旨元素。
Driector and cast
导演和演员阵容
Every time Zhang Yimou produces a new film it grabs headlines. The criticism of his last two films, A Simple Noodle Story (2009) and Under the Hawthorn Tree (2010), didn’t stop him making different types of films.
张艺谋的每部新片都会登上报纸头条。外界对他前两部作品（2009年的《三枪拍案惊奇》和2010年的《山楂树之恋》）的争议之声并没有阻止他拍摄不同风格影片的脚步。
As usual Zhang has picked a bunch of new actors and actresses for this film, such as Ni Ni. The biggest name is certainly Oscar-winning star Christian Bale, who is known for playing Batman.
与以往一样，张艺谋在选角时挑选了一批新人，比如女演员倪妮。最大牌的演员当属以扮演“蝙蝠侠”而闻名的奥斯卡影帝克里斯蒂安?贝尔。
Production
电影制作
Zhang likes to play big. With an estimated production budget of 600 million yuan, The Flowers of War is China’s most expensive film yet.
张艺谋喜欢大制作，《金陵十三钗》耗资约6亿元人民币，是目前国内投入最大的一部电影。
The film is also aimed to take the international market. It’s set for runs beginning December 23 in New York, Los Angeles and San Francisco, with a wider release to follow next year.
同时，该片也旨在进军国际市场。12月23日，该片登陆纽约、洛杉矶和旧金山三地影院，明年将会在全球更多地方上映。
And the film will represent China for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 84th Academy Awards next year.
该片也将代表中国参加第84届奥斯卡最佳外语片的角逐。
Story
故事概要
Begins in the rubble of Nanjing after the fall of the city to the Japanese on December 13, 1937. This film is a conscious bid to make the horrors of the Nanjing story dramatically accessible to a wider audience.
1937年12月13日南京沦陷到日本人手中，故事在一片瓦砾废墟中开始。该影片试图用一种清醒的方式将南京大屠杀这段惨痛的历史，用戏剧的形式呈现给更多的观众。
It places a politically unaligned American mortician John Miller (Christian Bale) in the middle of a desperate group of local civilians comprised of convent schoolgirls and courtesans.
影片将一位当时无政治阵营的美国入殓师约翰?米勒（克里斯蒂安?贝尔饰）置于一群绝望的南京平民中，这些人中有教会学校女学生，也有风尘女子。
Executives at Chinese Internet giants, including Baidu, Alibaba and Tencent, are focusing on the development of artificial intelligence and believe the next decades will be a golden age for the industry.
包括百度、阿里巴巴以及腾讯在内的国内互联网巨头的高管们近日齐聚一堂，共同聚焦于人工智能的发展，并认为未来几十年将会是该产业发展的黄金时代。
"We used to see artificial intelligence only as a way to improve our computing and processing abilities. But, actually, AI can use data for self study and make our rules," said Ma Huateng, chairman and CEO of Tencent, at the China IT Summit in Shenzhen.
腾讯的董事长兼首席执行官马化腾在于深圳举行的IT领袖峰会上谈到：“过去我们都认为人工智能是提高计算和处理能力的唯一方式，然而实际上，人工智能可以通过数据利用来实现自我学习和创建规则。”
In March 2016, Google's artificial intelligence program AlphaGo scored a 4-1 victory over South Korean Go master Lee Se-dol in a five-round showdown. The machine's victory was noted by AI enthusiasts around the world.
2016年3月，谷歌的人工智能程序阿尔法狗在五轮对决中以4:1的比分战胜韩国棋王李世石。阿尔法狗的胜利也让世界各地人工智能领域的爱好者对其备受关注。
Tencent developed its own AI program Jueyi, which has scored several victories in matches around the world.
腾讯也开发了自己的人工智能程序——“绝艺”，并且在世界各大围棋比赛中也多次取得胜利。
"If we develop a simulator, define its parameters, let it fully explore, study and make mistakes, programs will make out how things work, far exceeding our imagination," Ma said.
马化腾表示：“如果我们也开发类似模拟程序，定义其参数，令其充分探索、学习哪怕是犯错，这样程序就会慢慢弄清楚工作原理，最后结果将会远远超过我们的想象。”
Internet giant Baidu set up a national deep learning technology lab in Beijing in March. The lab gathered AI experts from Baidu, Tsinghua University, Beihang University and the China Academy of Information and Communications Technology.
而另一家互联网巨头百度公司则于3月份在北京创立了一家深度学习技术实验室。这家实验室集结了来自百度、清华大学、北京航空航天大学以及中国信息通信研究院在人工智能领域的专家和人才。
"The Internet is just an appetizer. The main course will be AI. In the future, machines will develop to a point where they can understand humans and their intentions," said Li Yanhong, the chairman of Baidu.
百度董事长李彦宏表示：“互联网只是开胃菜，人工智能才是主菜。在未来，机器们将会发展到能够了解人类和自身思想以及意图的程度。”
Baidu has invested heavily in machine-aided study, image recognition, voice recognition and driverless vehicles.
目前，百度已经在计算机辅助研究、图像识别、语音识别以及无人驾驶方面投以巨资。
"AI will be a magnanimous industry and will last for a very long time. I'm certain that the industry will develop fast in the next 20 to 50 years," Li said.
李彦宏表示：“人工智能这项产业将会前途无量，并且这种势头会持续很长时间。我相信，未来二十到五十年内，我们将会见证它的迅猛发展。”
"Machines can do what people can't. We must make machines our best partner, rather than letting them replace us," said Jack Ma, founder of Internet commerce giant Alibaba.
电商巨头阿里巴巴的老总马云说道：“机器可以做到人做不到的事情，我们必须要把机器看做我们最好的伙伴，而不是成天想着让它们代替我们。”
"We shall not be worried about how much the Internet is impacting traditional business. Rather, we have to use Internet and AI to our advantage."
“我们不必太担心互联网影响传统商业到什么程度，相反，我们应该利用互联网和人工智能的优势，从而创造利益。”
Hiral Sanghavi is at it again.
Hiral Sanghavi卷土重来。
Less than a year after the Kickstarter campaign for his BauBax jacket raised a whopping $9.2 million, he's debuting his next project -- clothes that wirelessly charge your devices.
他的BauBax智能夹克在Kickstarter网站众筹中拿到920万美金的天价资金后，不到一年的时间他又在筹备下一个项目--能为设备无线充电的衣服。
The project launched last Tuesday on Kickstarter with a goal of raising $100,000. The clothing, which is machine washable, has copper wire built into it and a wireless charging pad that's stitched inside a pocket.
该项目于上周二在Kickstarter网站启动，目标是筹集10万美元资金。这种衣服可机洗，内置了缝在口袋里的铜导线和无线充电板。
You charge an iPhone by putting it into a BauBax iPhone case and slipping it into the pocket. Android phones don't require the case because they have built-in wireless charging capability. The power source is a battery bank that fits into a wallet you carry in the clothes.
当你要为苹果手机充电时，需要给手机套上BauBax专用的iPhone壳，然后把它放到口袋里。安卓手机则不需要手机壳，因为它有内置无线充电功能。电能来源于衣服中附带的置于皮夹里的蓄电池组。
Sanghavi said the battery bank can provide one full charge to a smartphone, two charges to a smartwatch and four to bluetooth earphones. The battery bank can be charged with a special BauBax charging pad. It takes two to four hours to recharge the battery bank.
Sanghavi表示，蓄电池组能给智能手机充满一次电，给智能手表充满两次，给蓝牙耳机充满四次。而该蓄电池组需用BauBax的特殊充电板充电，充满一次电需要2-4小时。
In all, BauBax is designing 27 products for wireless charging, including sweatshirts, jackets and wristlets, which can charge a smartphone inside of it. The clothes range from $140 to $170.
BauBax总共设计了27款无线充电产品，包括运动衫、夹克衫以及护腕，它们都能够充满一部智能手机。衣服价格从140到170美元不等。
The collar in each jacket also features a plug-in point to charge wireless earbuds. A separate charging unit inside the jacket's sleeve can charge an AppleWatch.
每件夹克衫的衣领处都有一个插入点，能够为无线耳塞充电；而夹克衫袖子处独立的充电单元能够为苹果手表充电。
All the accessories, including the BauBax battery bank, charging pad, iPhone case, wristlet and wallet, are sold separately. The company expects the clothing to be ready for consumers by January 2017. However, the products come with a caveat: people with pacemakers shouldn't use them because the electromagnetic fields may interfere with the pacemakers.
所有配件，包括BauBax电池组、充电板、iPhone壳、护腕和皮夹等，都是单独销售的。该公司预计衣服将于2017年1月面向消费者。然而，这种产品有一点需要注意：带起搏器的人不能使用，因为电磁场可能会干扰起搏器。
For Sanghavi, the second campaign isn't about money, per se. "This one is about market validation," he said. "We want to know if there really is a need for this type of product."
对Sanghavi而言，第二次众筹并不是为了钱，而是为了产品本身。他说：“这是一次市场验证。我们想知道该类型产品是否真的有市场需求。”
The BBC has admitted that a scene from a television documentary series showing tribal people living high up in treehouses was faked by the makers of the programme.
英国广播公司近日承认，其制作的反映部落居民住在高高树屋中的电视纪录片存在画面造假，这一幕场景是由节目制作人特意安排的。
An episode of the eight-part Human Planet series, which aired in 2011, depicted the life of the Korowai people of Papua New Guinea and included members moving into a treehouse.
2011年播出的纪录片《人类星球》共有八集。其中的一集描绘了巴布亚新几内亚科罗威人的生活，展示了他们搬到树屋居住的场景。
The BBC said that during the making of a new documentary series for BBC2, entitled My Year With The Tribe, it emerged that the treehouse scene had been staged.
英国广播公司表示，在英国广播公司第二频道一部新的纪录片《我与部落居民居住的一年》拍摄的过程中，树屋场景的拍摄真相浮出水面。
In a statement the BBC said: “The BBC has been alerted to a breach of editorial standards in an episode of Human Planet from 2011 which concerns the Korowai people of Papua New Guinea.
英国广播公司在声明中说：“BBC被告知，2011年的纪录片《人类星球》中关于巴布亚新几内亚科罗威人的一集出现了违反编辑准则的情况。”
“During the making of BBC Two’s upcoming documentary series My Year With The Tribe, a member of the tribe discusses how they have built very high treehouses for the benefit of overseas programme makers.
“在英国广播公司第二频道的新纪录片《我与部落居民居住的一年》拍摄的过程中，一位部落成员谈到他们特意为海外节目组搭建高高的树屋。”
“The BBC has reviewed a sequence in Human Planet depicting this and found that the portrayal of the tribe moving into the treehouse as a real home is not accurate.”
“BBC回顾了《人类星球》中描述部落居民生活的相关画面，发现关于部落居民搬进树屋居住的描述是不准确的。”
It is not the first time that the eight-part series, narrated by the actor John Hurt, has been embroiled in a fakery scandal. In 2015 it emerged that the production crew used a semi-domesticated wolf after being unable to find a “wild” wolf to film on location.
这并不是《人类星球》第一次传出造假丑闻了。这部纪录片由演员约翰-赫特担任旁白。2015年就有人指出，拍摄组因在拍摄现场没能找到野狼，而用半驯化的狼代替。
In that episode, called Deserts: Life in the Furnace, two Mongolian camel herders fired shots in the direction of the “wild” wolf as it ran across the Gobi desert then discussed their frustration at failing to kill it.
在《沙漠：熔炉中的生命》这一集中，两位蒙古骆驼放牧者冲着穿过戈壁滩的“野狼”开枪，但没能命中，互相交流着失望之情。
The BBC admitted that in reality the semi-domesticated wolf had been let off a lead just off camera and was filmed simply running to its handler, who was just out of shot.
英国广播公司后来承认，其实这只半驯养的狼跑出了镜头之外，人们看到的画面只是它在跑向射程之外的驯养员。
In 2011 it emerged that the BBC had filmed shots of a tarantula spider in a studio for an episode about wildlife in the Venezuela jungle.
2011年还有消息称，有关委内瑞拉丛林野生动植物的一集中，塔兰图拉毒蜘蛛的镜头是在演播室拍摄的。
The BBC said: “Since this programme was broadcast in 2011 we have strengthened our mandatory training for all staff in editorial guidelines, standards and values.”
英国广播公司表示：“这期节目是在2011年播出的。之后我们已加强了编辑方针、制作标准和价值观念的培训，所有员工都必须参加。”
The BBC operates a “secretive and illegal pay culture” that systematically discriminates against women, according to one of its most senior journalists, who has quit her job as China editor after learning that two of her male peers were paid significantly more.
英国广播公司(BBC)一名资深记者称，BBC存在一种系统性歧视女性的“秘密且非法的薪酬文化”，她在得知两名同级别男同事的薪酬显著高于自己后，辞去了BBC中国主编职位。
In a withering, open letter which she put online on Sunday night, Carrie Gracie — who spent part of last week as a guest anchor on Today, the BBC’s main morning news programme — accused her bosses of taking a “divide-and-rule” approach to female staff.
周日晚，卡丽?格雷西(Carrie Gracie)在网上发布了一封辛辣的公开信，指责她的老板们对女员工采取“分而治之”的做法。在上周的部分时间里，格雷西担任了BBC主要早间新闻节目《今日》(Today)的嘉宾主持人。
“We have felt trapped,” she wrote, in a letter first published by BuzzFeed News. “Speaking out carries the risk of disciplinary measures or even dismissal; litigation can destroy careers and be financially ruinous.” She accused the BBC of demanding non-disclosure agreements that were “unworthy of an organisation committed to truth”.
“我们感觉掉进了陷阱。”她在首先由BuzzFeed News发布的一封信中写道，“说出来有受纪律处分甚至遭解雇的风险；打官司可能会毁掉职业生涯、引发财务危机。”她谴责BBC要求签署保密协议，而“一个致力于真相的组织不应当这么做”。
Ms Gracie’s explosive intervention follows an angry backlash from some leading BBC presenters after a list of its 96 top-earning stars, published last summer, revealed that women made up just one-third of the on-air broadcasters paid ￡150,000 and more.
去年夏天一份BBC 96个收入最高的明星员工的名单曝光，引发了该公司一些知名BBC主持人的愤怒反弹。该名单揭示出，女性在收入达15万英镑或更多的出镜员工中所占的比例仅为三分之一。
A subsequent “pay audit”, conducted by PwC and Eversheds, found “no systemic discrimination against women” at the broadcaster.
普华永道(PwC)和安永实律师事务所(Eversheds)随后对BBC展开的“薪酬审计”，未发现这家广播公司存在“对女性的系统性歧视”。
However, that review did not cover senior managers, on-air editors, presenters or correspondents. Those are “the women with the biggest pay gaps”, according to Ms Gracie. She claims that “up to 200 BBC women have made pay complaints only to be told repeatedly there is no pay discrimination”.
然而，这项审计未涵盖高管、出镜编辑、主持人或记者。格雷西表示，这些人中的女性才是“薪酬与男性差距最大的”。她声称，“多达200名BBC女员工就薪酬问题投诉过，结果仅被反复告知不存在薪酬歧视”。
The BBC said it would publish a report for on-air staff “in the not too distant future”.
BBC表示，将在“不久的将来”发布一份关于出镜员工的报告。
Unlike Jon Sopel, the US editor, and Jeremy Bowen, the Middle East editor, Ms Gracie’s name does not appear on a list of BBC broadcasters who were paid at least ￡150,000 last year, indicating she received a lower salary for her role as China editor.
与BBC美国主编乔恩?索佩尔(Jon Sopel)和中东主编杰里米?鲍恩(Jeremy Bowen)不同，格雷西的名字没有出现在去年年薪不低于15万英镑的BBC员工名单中，说明她作为中国主编得到的薪水要更低一些。
“[The BBC] said there were differences between roles which justified the pay gap, but it has refused to explain these differences,” Ms Gracie wrote.
“（BBC）说是不同岗位之间存在差异，所以薪酬方面也有差距，但它拒绝阐明这些差异，”格雷西写道。
She says she was offered “a big pay rise which remained far short of equality”, but decided instead to leave China to “return to my former post in the TV newsroom where I expect to be paid equally”.
她表示，BBC答应给她“大幅加薪，但仍远称不上平等”，她决定离开中国，“回到我原先在电视新闻室的岗位上，我认为在那里能得到平等的薪酬待遇”。
The BBC said in a statement that “fairness in pay is vital”.
BBC在一份声明中称“薪酬公平至关重要”。
“A significant number of organisations have now published their gender pay figures showing that we are performing considerably better than many,” the corporation added.
“现在有相当数量的组织公布了其性别薪资数字，这些数字显示我们做得比许多组织好得多，”该公司补充称。
Germany is the most positively viewed nation in the world in this year's annual Country Ratings Poll for the BBC World Service.
根据英国广播公司全球服务今年进行的年度国家排名调查显示，德国是目前上全世界最受好评的国家。
More than 26,000 people were surveyed internationally for the poll.They were asked to rate 16 countries and the European Union on whether their influence in the world was "mainly positive" or "mainly negative".
全球超过26000人参与了调查投票。这些人被要求对16个国家以及欧盟进行排名，看它们对世界的影响是“利大于弊”还是“弊大于利”。
Germany came out top, with 59% rating it positively. Iran was once again the most negatively viewed. Global views of Europe's biggest country have improved significantly in 2013, according to the poll.
德国排名第一，59%的人认为它的影响是积极的。而伊朗再一次被认为产生最消极影响。根据投票结果，2013年，全世界对于欧洲最大的国家俄罗斯的看法有了明显改进。
It was conducted for the BBC by GlobeScan and PIPA, who conducted face-to-face and telephone interviews with randomly selected people in 25 countries. Of those countries, 22 have been surveyed two years in a row, so become the tracking countries on which the average ratings are based.
调查是由全球扫描民调公司（GlobeScan）和美国马里兰大学国际政策态度项目（PIPA）为BBC进行的，他们通过面对面或电话采访的形式随机对25个国家的民众进行了调查。在这些国家当中，有22个国家连续两年参与调查，所以被作为平均基准的追踪国家。
These averages exclude the target country's rating of itself. So for example, the opinions of Germans on Germany are excluded, meaning the country's average rating is based on 21 tracking countries.
平均值排除目标国家自己的排名。例如，德国人对德国的排名意见无效，也就是说德国的平均排名是基于21个追踪国家的。
A three-point increase in Germany's average rating returned it to the top of the BBC list, displacing Japan, which saw its positive ratings drop from 58% to 51%, and fell from first to fourth place overall.
德国的平均得票率上升了3个百分点，使其重回BBC榜单上的冠军宝座，取代了日本的位置。日本的支持率从58%下降到51%，并从第一名跌至第四名。
The BBC's Stephen Evans in Berlin says the poll results may be a reward for diligent German diplomacy. There were high positive ratings for Germany in recession-hit Spain and France - though not in Greece - despite the well-publicised placards depicting Chancellor Angela Merkel as a Nazi, paraded during anti-austerity protests in Europe.
BBC的斯蒂芬·埃文斯在柏林表示，这一投票结果或许对兢兢业业的德国外交来说是个奖赏。在深受经济衰退影响的西班牙和法国，支持德国的投票率非常高——但在希腊却并非如此——尽管在西班牙和法国，随处可见“总理安格拉·默克尔是纳粹” 这样标语牌，还有反对欧洲财政紧缩议案的游行。
The UK saw a bigger increase in positive ratings than any other country and climbed to third place in the table, in the wake of its hosting of the 2012 Olympics.
英国则因为是2012年奥林匹克主办国的关系，在排名中比其他国家取得了更大的进步，一举上升到第三的位置。
The poll also indicates that positive views of China and India have fallen sharply around the world over the last year. After improving for several years, views of China have sunk to their lowest level since polling began in 2005, putting it in ninth position.India is ranked 12th, with negative views (35%) slightly outnumbering positive ones (34%) for the first time.
投票还显示了对于中国和印度的积极看法与去年相比急转直下。在连续几年保持上升之后，中国的排名跌至自2005年有史以来的最低点，排名第九。印度排名第12，负面影响投票为35%，略高于34%的正面影响投票。
But Germany, whose economy has done better than almost every other in Europe in recent years, scored well across the world.
德国因近几年经济形势比其他几乎所有欧洲国家都要好，在世界范围内深受好评。
Positive views of the EU dropped to their lowest level last year but have stabilised this year, rising one point to 49% on average.
欧盟的正面投票在去年获得了它们的最差成绩，不过今年比较稳定，上升了一个百分点平均49%。
But this figure masks significant changes. There has been a sharp drop in positive ratings by Germans, down 14 points to 59%. Canadians and Americans both give significantly lower ratings to the EU. In the UK, positive views of the EU continue to fall steadily and, for the first time this year, more Britons rate it negatively (47%) than positively (42%).
但是这个数据也显示出了变化。对德国的支持率大幅度下降14个百分点，跌至59%。加拿大和美国都对欧盟的支持率都有所下降。英国对欧盟的积极看法仍然保持下降，英国人对欧盟的负面投票（47%）超过了正面投票（42%），这是首次出现这样的情况。
Israel, North Korea, Pakistan and Iran came out worst in terms of how they are viewed globally. Only 15% of respondents said they saw Iran as having a mainly positive influence.
以色列，北朝鲜，巴基斯坦和伊朗排名最低。只有15%的受访者认为伊朗产生了积极的影响。
When celebrating the most powerful women of the last 70 years, it may seem natural to host a celebration at Buckingham Palace: home to a Queen who has reigned for generations.
谈起为近70年来最具影响力的女性举办庆祝典礼一事，人们自然而然会想到在已经在位几个世代的英国女王的皇家居所——白金汉宫举办。
But if anyone had hoped Her Majesty might be recognised for her contribution to women's lives over her long service, they would be disappointed.
英国女王在位期间，为改善女性的生活状况做出了巨大贡献。但是如果你希望女王因此当选最具影响力女性的话，那么可能就要失望了。
The BBC Radio 4 Woman's Hour Power List, announced on Wednesday, instead recognises Beyonce, the singer, feminist provocateur Germaine Greer and a fictional character: the love-lorn Bridget Jones.
相反，本周三，BBC第4电台的“女性时间：影响力清单”节目宣布，歌手碧昂斯、女权主义倡导者杰曼.格里尔、和虚构人物：失恋的布里奇特.琼斯上榜。
The list of seven powerful women, selected by a judging panel, was topped by Baroness Thatcher, the late former prime minister who was recognised by the BBC for her impact on British women whether they love her or loathe her.
该榜单由评审团队评出，共包括七名影响力巨大的女性。已故英国前首相撒切尔夫人荣登榜首。BBC评论称，不管人们是否喜欢她，她对英国女性造成的影响都是毋庸置疑的。
The Queen did not make the list, with Theresa May, the current Prime Minister, also omitted along with all modern-day politicians.
英国女王和包括现首相特蕾莎.梅在内的当代政治家都未上榜。
Instead, Woman's House chose to honour the star of Helen Fieldings 1996 novel, Bridget Joness Diary, famous for her witty take on the life of a single woman in a world of smug marrieds.
然而，评审团决定让布里奇特.琼斯上榜。布里奇特.琼斯是海伦.菲尔丁1996年的小说——《BJ单身日记》的女主角。在被“洋洋得意的已婚者”占领的世界中，单身的琼斯靠她的诙谐幽默取得了大家的喜爱。
A spokesman for Radio 4 said debate over the selection was to be expected.
第四电台的发言人称，有关评选结果的争论是意料之中的。
Lady Thatcher and Miss Jones are joined on the final list by Helen Brook, who founded centres offering contraception to unmarried women, Barbara Castle, the Labour MP who fought for equal pay, and Jayaben Desai, a strike leader in the 1974 Grunwick dispute.
创立了未婚女性避孕服务机构的海伦.布鲁克、争取薪酬平等的工党议员芭芭拉.卡素尔以及1974年格林威克纠纷中的罢工领导人加瓦本.德赛最终共同决定，将撒切尔夫人和琼斯女士加入榜单。
Germaine Greer, the feminist and academic who has caused fury among campaigners for recent comments about transgender people, came in fourth place, with judge Abi Morgan hailing her a warrior.
杰曼.格里尔在榜单上位列第四，她是一名女权主义者，也是一位学者。她因近日关于变性人的言论在活动者中引发了轩然大波。艾比.摩根法官盛赞她为“勇士”。
Beyonce, the American singer, makes it onto the list at number seven in recognition of her status as a global beauty icon.
被称为“全球美丽标杆”的美国歌手碧昂斯位列第七。
It is the first time the list has encompassed a fictional character as well as women no longer with us.
这是“最具影响力女性”榜单首次纳入虚构角色和已故人物。
Previous winners include Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon, campaigner Baroness Lawrence, and the Queen, who won in 2013. Judge Julia Hobsbawm said of the inclusion of Bridget Jones:
之前榜单的冠军包括：苏格兰首席大臣尼古拉.斯特金、活动家劳伦斯男爵夫人以及2013年荣登榜首的英国女王。茱莉亚.郝博斯鲍姆法官对于收录琼斯一事这样说道：
Twenty five years ago she ushered in the voice of a woman narrating her own banality as well as her own complexity.
“25年之前，她从一个女人的角度描述了生活的平淡与内心的复杂。”
The BBC World Service is to start broadcasting a daily radio programme into North Korea as part of its biggest global expansion in more than 70 years.
英国广播公司国际频道(BBC World Service)每日将向朝鲜播放广播节目，这是它70多年来最大规模全球扩张努力的一部分。
The new Korean service is one of 11 new foreign language services being launched from 2017 funded by a ￡289m grant from the British government designed to boost Britain’s place in the world.
这一新的朝语广播是自2017年起推出的11项新外语广播中的一项。英国政府拨款2.89亿英镑资助这些外语广播，目的是提升英国的国际地位。
The BBC said in a statement that the programme, which also includes an expansion of Russian, African and Arabic services as well as a new digital channel in Thailand, would bring independent journalism to millions around the world including in places where media freedom is under threat.
BBC在一份声明中表示，该计划将把独立的新闻带给全球数百万人，包括那些媒体自由受威胁地区的人。该计划还包括扩展对俄罗斯、非洲及阿拉伯地区的广播，以及在泰国新增一个数字频道。
The move comes at a time when the broadcaster, which is funded by an annual licence fee paid by viewers and listeners:
BBC的资金来自观众和听众每年缴纳的许可证费。
Under intense financial pressure at home as executives deal with the financial fall out from a deal last year with the government.
上述举措推出之际，该公司在英国国内正面临极大的财务压力，公司高管正在应对去年与政府达成的一项协议的财务影响。
As part of that agreement, the BBC has committed to finding ￡800m of savings per annum over the next five years to fund the licence fee for people aged 75 and over.
根据该协议的部分条款，BBC承诺今后五年每年节省出8亿英镑，以便让75岁及以上人群不用再缴纳许可证费。
At the same time, the BBC is also seeking to raise its global ambitions at a time when there are growing concerns about the rise of state-backed broadcasters such as Qatar’s Al Jazeera, China’s CCTV and Russia’s RT.
与此同时，BBC还试图在人们越来越担心卡塔尔半岛电视台(al-Jazeera)、中国中央电视台(CCTV)和俄国的今日俄罗斯(RT)等国有电视台崛起之际树立更大的全球抱负。
Fran Unsworth, BBC World Service director, said that while she accepted the programme would be seen as part of British soft power, the BBC was keen to emphasise its independence from the government.
BBC国际频道主任弗兰.昂斯沃思(Fran Unsworth)表示，尽管她同意该计划会被视为英国软实力的一部分，但BBC希望强调它独立于英国政府。
If soft power is about how you express western values, fairness, rule of law then the World Service is an expression of those values, said Ms Unsworth.
昂斯沃思表示：如果软实力是指如何传达西方的价值观、公平、法治，那么国际频道确实是对那些价值观的一种传达。
But we are not there to support British foreign policy objectives.
不过，我们这么做不是为了支持英国的外交政策目标。
The Korean service, to be launched in the spring, will be transmitted in short wave to try to evade the communist government’s censors.
这项朝语广播将于明年春天推出，用短波传送，以避免遭到朝鲜政府屏蔽。
According to BBC Monitoring, as of Tuesday North Korean state media had still not reported Donald Trump’s victory in last week’s US presidential election.
根据BBC监听部(BBC Monitoring)的说法，截至周二，朝鲜官方媒体仍未报道唐纳德.特朗普(Donald Trump)在上周美国总统选举中获胜的消息。
The BBC plans to broadcast a daily news bulletin into North Korea, as part of a renewed strategy of countering state propaganda worldwide.
英国广播公司(BBC)计划向朝鲜播放一档每日新闻节目，这是应对世界各地政府宣传的新战略的一部分。
Britain’s public broadcaster has said it is increasingly worried by restrictions on the media in certain countries and by the rise of state-backed rivals such as Qatar’s Al Jazeera, China’s CCTV and Russia’s RT.
BBC表示，某些国家对媒体的限制，以及卡塔尔的半岛电视台(Al Jazeera)、中国的央视(CCTV)以及俄罗斯的今日俄罗斯(RT)电视台等由政府支持的竞争对手日益崛起，让这家英国的公共广播机构越来越担忧。
Under proposals to be announced on Monday, the BBC World Service would also expand in Russia, India, Africa and the Middle East.
根据将于下周一宣布的计划，英国广播公司国际部(BBC World Service)还将在俄罗斯、印度、非洲和中东扩大服务。
Broadcasting in North Korea is likely to encounter technical obstacles, as authorities in Pyongyang have consistently jammed signals from South Korean and US broadcasters.
对朝鲜广播可能会遭遇技术障碍，因为朝鲜政府一直干扰韩国和美国对朝广播的信号。
The BBC is facing a fine after its journalists were caught using a drone without authorisation during the Davos summit in January.
英国广播公司(BBC)目前正面临一项罚款。此前，BBC旗下新闻记者被查到在1月达沃斯(Davos)峰会期间未经许可使用了一架无人机。
Swiss authorities had implemented a no-fly zone with a radius of 25 nautical miles and monitored by fighter jets as part of security measures for the conference, which involves leading business figure and political leaders from around the world.
在世界各地政商领袖云集的达沃斯峰会召开期间，瑞士当局针对会议采取了多项安保措施，包括对以会场为中心、半径为25海里的区域实施禁飞，并派出战斗机实施监视。
Three journalists, working with the BBC’s chief business correspondent Linda Yueh, were questioned by police.
与BBC首席商业记者Linda Yueh共事的三名记者，受到了警方的问询。
“We can confirm that in Davos during the World Economic Forum a BBC team mistakenly took a drone into a no-fly zone area. Three members of staff were briefly questioned by police and it is still to be determined by the Swiss authorities if the BBC will pay a fine,” Britain’s public broadcaster said in a statement.
这家英国公共广播公司发表声明称，“我们可以确认，在达沃斯世界经济论坛(WEF)会议期间，一个BBC团队错误地让一架无人机进入了禁飞区。这三名员工受到了警方的简短问询，瑞士当局尚未裁定BBC是否将为此支付罚款。”
For broadcasters, the devices offer aerial footage of events, landscapes and natural disasters at a fraction of the cost of helicopter footage.
对于广播公司而言，无人机可以对事件、场景和自然灾难进行航拍，而成本仅为直升机航拍成本的几分之一。
The Davos incident is the second time in recent months that the BBC has run into problems with aerial footage. In August, the corporation was heavily criticised for using a helicopter to broadcast aerial footage of a police raid on a home owned by entertainer Cliff Richard. That story has since been nominated for Scoop of the Year at the Royal Television Society’s upcoming journalism awards.
达沃斯无人机事件，是近几个月来BBC第二次在航拍方面惹上麻烦。去年8月，BBC因为使用一架直升机航拍并播送警方对娱乐明星克利夫?理查德(Cliff Richard)一处房产的突击搜查而受到严厉批评。后来那次报道成为英国皇家电视协会(Royal Television Society)新闻奖之“年度独家新闻奖”的提名作品，不过该奖当时尚未颁奖。
Move over Olympics, this celebrity split is now what everyone in China's talking about.
撇开奥运会，这宗名人离婚案在中国才是人人都在谈论的事情。
A Chinese actor's divorce from his wife, over her alleged extramarital affair, has social media buzzing, with posts about the subject gaining over five billion views.
一位中国明星因妻子出轨而宣布离婚的新闻在社交媒体上引发了轰动，相关帖子的浏览量已经超过了50亿。
Wang Baoqiang announced online last Sunday that he was divorcing his wife, Ma Rong, and sacking his agent, Song Zhe. He alleged that his marriage broke down after his wife had an affair with his agent, and that she had also transferred the couple's joint assets.
上周日，王宝强在网上宣布与妻子马蓉离婚，并解雇他的经纪人宋喆。他声明，因妻子和自己的经纪人出轨，二人的婚姻已经破裂，并且妻子还转移了夫妻的共同财产。
Ma has hit back at Wang, accusing him of abandoning their family.
事后，马蓉也发声反击，谴责王宝强抛妻弃子。
The topic has sparked a debate about relationships and divorce, and it seems Wang's predicament has struck a chord with many - which could explain the number of views, which are high even by Chinese standards.
这件事引发了一场关于婚恋关系和离婚的讨论，而王宝强的困境似乎也引起了许多人的共鸣——从这次事件的浏览量就可以看出来，即便是以中国的标准来衡量，这样的浏览量也高得惊人。
The divorce quickly became a top trending topic in China. According to microblog Sina Weibo, posts with the hashtag #WangBaoQiangDivorce have been viewed over five billion times.
这宗离婚案很快就变成了中国的热门话题。据新浪微博数据显示，带有#王宝强离婚这一标签的帖子已经有超过50亿次的浏览量。
Chinese netizens seem to have rallied around Wang, with topics like #WangDontCry #WangWeSupportYou, quickly trending after news of the divorce spread.
中国网友们似乎都十分支持王宝强。在其离婚消息发布之后，类似#王宝强不哭、#王宝强我们支持你等标签在网上迅速流传开来。
Statistics by Weibo showed that 47% of netizens' posts condemned Ma for her affair, saying it had shattered her family. Some have even published her home address online.
微博数据显示，47%的网友发帖谴责马蓉出轨，称她破坏了家庭。一些网友甚至还将她的家庭住址在网上公开。
"Wang is a hardworking man from a rural area. She cheated an honest man. I hate these kinds of people," said one commenter on weibo.
一名网友在微博上评论道：“王宝强是个出身农村的勤快人。她欺骗了一个诚实的好人，我讨厌这种人。”
But why are they so interested?
但为什么他们这么感兴趣？
No other celebrity divorce or marriage has ever caused such a big stir on Chinese social media. On the surface, this might seem like just another Chinese celebrity split. But what is it about this one that's got all of China ruffled up?
没有任何一位名人离婚或结婚的消息在中国社交媒体上引发如此大的轰动。表面上看，这可能不过是又一位中国明星离婚了。但为什么这一次却让全中国都为之震惊了呢？
Some people feel that this divorce seems to fit a certain trope - of a beautiful but ordinary girl marrying a rich but less good-looking man.
一些人认为这场离婚案正好体现了这一现象——一个美丽的普通女孩嫁给了一个有钱却不怎么好看的男人。
It is not uncommon to hear the belief that a couple has to "match" at every level - be it in status, or physical appearance - for a relationship to work out.
而人们也常说，夫妻双方在各个层面上都得“门当户对”——不论是地位上，还是外表上——这样婚姻才能长久。
An ancient Chinese classical novel even warned against unmatched marriages. In the novel Water Margin, Pan Jinlian, a beautiful money-loving wife, cheats on her husband Wu Dalang, who is relatively more unattractive. She eventually kills him.
一部中国古代经典小说甚至对门不当户不对的婚姻发出过警示。在小说《水浒传》中，潘金莲，一位美丽爱财的妻子，对她的丈夫，相貌平平的武大郎不忠。最终，她甚至杀害了他。
"The concept of being evenly matched is still one that is widely believed in China," Dr Mu Zheng, Assistant Professor, Department of Sociology at the National University of Singapore told the BBC's Yvette Tan. "However, there is also the convention for women to 'marry up' to more socioeconomically established men."
“门当户对这一概念在今天的中国依然被广为接受，”新加坡国立大学助理教授Mu Zheng博士在接受BBC记者Yvette Tan采访时说道。“然而，现在也有女性‘飞上枝头变凤凰’，嫁给一位更有社会经济地位的男性的说法。”
Wang has alleged that his wife transferred and hid some of the couple's assets. They're a wealthy couple - their assets, according to Chinese media, include nine flats, a BMW car and various luxury goods. As a result, people are debating the importance of protecting individual assets, even after marriage.
王宝强称他的妻子转移并藏匿了部分夫妻双方共同财产。这对夫妇十分有钱——据中国媒体报道，他们的资产包括了9套公寓，一辆宝马车以及各种奢侈品。因此，人们也在讨论保护个人财产的重要性。
A lot of social media discussion has also centred around divorce, and in particular how people can protect themselves.
许多社交媒体也在围绕离婚对此事进行讨论，尤其是人们在离婚时如何保护自己。
A new documentary on the life of martial arts legend Bruce Lee produced by his daughter Shannon Lee is being released, showing him as a film star, fighter and philosopher, the BBC reported.
据英国广播公司报道，一部关于功夫传奇李小龙的新纪录片即将上映，其女李香凝担任制片，片中展示了他作为电影明星、功夫家、哲学家的诸多面。
In the documentary "I Am Bruce Lee," Lee is claimed to be the de facto father of Mixed Martial Arts (MMA).
在名为《我是李小龙》的纪录片中，李小龙被称为混合格斗的实际创始人。
MMA's invention is credited largely to the Gracie family of fighters from Brazil. However, Bruce Lee's daughter Shannon Lee agrees it is unlikely that one man or family single-handedly invented something as universal as mixing different forms of combat.
混合格斗一般认为是巴西格雷西格斗家族发明的。但是，李小龙的女儿李香凝认为，某一人或某一家族不可能独自发明出像混合格斗这样世界性的东西。
"While there may have been people prior to him [Bruce Lee] who thought about mixing one or two forms, it was really my father who took it to a public level," she said.
她说：“在他(李小龙)之前也许有人考虑融合一种或两种格斗，但我父亲才是真正将混合格斗提升到大众层次的人。”
重点单词
查看全部解释
designer
[di'zain?]
想一想再看
n. 设计者
联想记忆
X
单词designer 联想记忆：
de加强语义，sign标记，er表示人－做标记的人－设计者
issue
['i?ju:]
想一想再看
n. 发行物，期刊号，争论点
vi. & vt
expressly
[iks'presli]
想一想再看
adv. 明白地，清楚地，特别地 adv. 特意地，专程
tribute
['tribju:t]
想一想再看
n. 贡品，颂词，称赞，(表示敬意的)礼物
联想记忆
X
单词tribute 联想记忆：
trib＝tribe（n 部落），ute：部落之间要相互赞颂。
settle
['setl]
想一想再看
v. 安顿，解决，定居
n. 有背的长凳
vogue
[v?ug]
想一想再看
n. 时尚，流行
Housewife-politician
是政治家也是家庭主妇
Thatcher became shadow environment secretary but, angered by what she saw as Heath's U-turns on Conservative economic policy, stood against him for the Tory leadership in 1975.
撒切尔夫人随后出任影子内阁环境事务大臣。出于对希思的保守经济政策大转弯的不满，1975年她向希思的保守党领袖地位发起挑战。
When she went into Heath's office to tell him her decision, he did not even bother to look up. "You'll lose," he said. "Good day to you."
当她走进希思办公室告诉他她的决定时，希思甚至连头都没抬。“你肯定会输，”希思说。“祝你好运。”
To everyone's surprise, she defeated Heath on the first ballot, forcing his resignation, and she saw off Willie Whitelaw on the second ballot to become the first woman to lead a major British political party.
出乎所有人的意料，她在第一轮中就击败了希思，希思被迫辞职。她又在第二轮投票中压倒了威廉?怀特劳，成为英国主要政党的第一位女性领袖。
She quickly began to make her mark. A 1976 speech criticising the repressive policies of the Soviet Union led to a Russian newspaper dubbing her "the Iron Lady," a title which gave her much personal pleasure.
她很快就出了名。1976年，撒切尔夫人在一次演讲中批评苏联的压制性政策，一家俄文报纸给她起了个“铁娘子”的称号，这一称号给撒切尔本人带来不少欢乐。
Adopting the persona of a housewife-politician who knew what inflation meant to ordinary families, she challenged the power of the trades unions whose almost constant industrial action peaked in the so-called "winter of discontent" in 1979.
兼具家庭主妇和政治家角色的撒切尔夫人，很清楚通货膨胀对普通家庭意味着什么，她向工会的权力提出了挑战。而在1979年，工会持续的罢工行动在所谓的“不满的冬天”达到了高潮。
As the Callaghan government tottered, the Conservatives rolled out a poster campaign showing a queue of supposedly unemployed people under the slogan "Labour Isn't Working".
卡拉汉政府举步维艰，保守党趁机展开一场海报宣传活动，让一群貌似失业的工人打出“工党不行了”的口号。
Jim Callaghan lost a vote of confidence on 28 March 1979. Mrs Thatcher's no-nonsense views struck a chord with many voters and the Conservatives won the ensuing general election.
1979年3月28日，詹姆斯?卡拉汉因一票之差未通过不信任动议。而撒切尔夫人的实用论引起了很多投票者的共鸣，保守党最终赢得了接下来的大选。
重点单词
查看全部解释
eventually
[i'ventju?li]
想一想再看
adv. 终于，最后
environment
[in'vai?r?nm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 环境，外界
approach
[?'pr?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 接近; 途径，方法
v. 靠近，接近，动
联想记忆
X
单词approach 联想记忆：
ap一再，proach接近－靠近
chord
[k?:d]
想一想再看
n. 弦，和音，情绪
defined
[di'faind]
想一想再看
adj. 有定义的，确定的；清晰的，轮廓分明的 v. 使
radical
['r?dik?l]
想一想再看
adj. 激进的，基本的，彻底的
n. 激进分
resignation
[.rezig'nein]
想一想再看
n. 辞职，辞呈，顺从
联想记忆
X
单词resignation 联想记忆：
re后退+sign签字+ion表名词，“动作或状态 ”…辞去职位→辞职；听从
rejection
[ri'd?ekn]
想一想再看
n. 拒绝，被弃，被抛弃的实例
联想记忆
X
单词rejection 联想记忆：
reject投掷，扔+ion→拒绝
legacy
['leg?si]
想一想再看
n. 祖先传下来之物，遗赠物
adj. [计算
联想记忆
X
单词legacy 联想记忆：
读：来个死。死了以后就可以领到遗产了！
stroke
[str?uk]
想一想再看
n. 笔画，击打，一笔（画）连续的动作，中风，
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词stroke 联想记忆：
源于：strike（v 打击；军事进攻；铸造；敲钟；罢工）
Monetary policies
货币政策
As prime minister, she was determined to repair the country's finances by reducing the role of the state and boosting the free market.
作为首相，撒切尔夫人决心通过弱化国家作用和提升市场自由度来修复国家财政。
Cutting inflation was central to the government's purpose and it soon introduced a radical budget of tax and spending cuts.
当时政府的主要目标是降低通胀，因此，很快就出台了激进的税收预算并缩减开支。
Bills were introduced to curb union militancy, privatise state industries and allow council home owners to buy their houses.
接着，一系列遏制工会争斗、推行国有企业私有化、住房私有化的议案也陆续出台。
Millions of people who previously had little or no stake in the economy found themselves being able to own their houses and buy shares in the former state-owned businesses.
数以百万的人发现，他们不再与国家经济绝缘，他们可以拥有自己的住房，甚至购买国有企业的股份。
New monetary policies made the City of London one of the most vibrant and successful financial centres in the world.
新的货币政策使伦敦一跃成为全世界最具活力和成功的金融中心。
Old-style manufacturing, which critics complained was creating an industrial wasteland, was run down in the quest for a competitive new Britain. Unemployment rose above three million.
旧式制造业饱受诟病，规模逐渐缩减。人们追求建造一个具有竞争力的新英国。与此同时，失业人口超过了三百万。
There was considerable unrest among the so called "wets" on the Conservative back benches and that, coupled with riots in some inner city areas, saw pressure on Margaret Thatcher to modify her policies.
这在保守党后座的所谓“湿派”中引起了不小的骚动。而一些内陆城市爆发的骚乱，也让撒切尔感受到了改变政策的压力。
But the prime minister refused to crumble. She told the 1980 party conference: "To those waiting with bated breath for that favourite media catch phrase, the U-turn, I have only one thing to say. You turn if you want to... the lady's not for turning."
然而，首相拒绝就此妥协。在1980年的保守党会议上，撒切尔说道：“我要对那些正屏气凝神，等待着传媒所讲的‘180度掉头’成真的人说：如果你要掉头便由你，但本小姐绝不掉头。”
重点单词
查看全部解释
approach
[?'pr?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 接近; 途径，方法
v. 靠近，接近，动
联想记忆
X
单词approach 联想记忆：
ap一再，proach接近－靠近
crumble
['kr?mbl]
想一想再看
v. 崩溃，弄碎，减亡
consensus
[k?n'sens?s]
想一想再看
n. 共识，一致，合意
n. [生理]交感
联想记忆
X
单词consensus 联想记忆：
con共同，sens感觉，us我们－我们有共同的感觉－意见一致
prime
[praim]
想一想再看
adj. 最初的，首要的，最好的，典型的
n.
联想记忆
X
单词prime 联想记忆：
源于：prim（adj 整洁的；最好的；早的）
competitive
[k?m'petitiv]
想一想再看
adj. 竞争的，比赛的
联想记忆
X
单词competitive 联想记忆：
com共同+pet追求+itive表形容词，“…的”→比赛的
modify
['m?difai]
想一想再看
v. 修改，修饰，更改
联想记忆
X
单词modify 联想记忆：
mod方式，模式+ify→规范化→修改
radical
['r?dik?l]
想一想再看
adj. 激进的，基本的，彻底的
n. 激进分
conference
['k?nf?r?ns]
想一想再看
n. 会议，会谈，讨论会，协商会
联想记忆
X
单词conference 联想记忆：
con共同+fer带来，拿来+ence→商量；会议
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
wasteland
['weistl?nd]
想一想再看
n. 荒地，未开垦地
'Milk snatcher'
“牛奶掠夺者”
When Sir Alec Douglas-Home stood down as Conservative leader, Mrs Thatcher voted for Ted Heath in the 1965 leadership election and was rewarded with a post as spokeswoman on housing and land.
亚历克?道格拉斯-霍姆爵士辞任保守党党魁以后，撒切尔在1965年党魁选举中把选票投给了特德?希思，作为回报，她成为了住房和土地事务的发言人。
She campaigned vigorously for the right of council tenants to buy their houses and was a constant critic of Labour's policy of high taxation.
她积极推动社会福利房住户获得购房置业的权利，并成为工党高税收政策的坚决批判者。
When Ted Heath entered Downing Street in 1970, she was promoted to the cabinet as education secretary with a brief to implement spending cuts in her department.
当特德?希思1970年入主唐宁街后，她被提升为教育及科学大臣，随后她下令削减教育开支。
One of these resulted in the withdrawal of free school milk for children aged between seven and 11 which led to bitter attacks from Labour and a press campaign which dubbed her "Margaret Thatcher, milk snatcher".
削减开支的一个结果就是取消了给7岁至11岁儿童免费供应牛奶的政策，这导致工党对其发动了猛烈的攻击，媒体抗议运动也将她戏称为“玛格利特?撒切尔，牛奶掠夺者”。
She herself had argued in cabinet against the removal of free milk. She later wrote: "I learned a valuable lesson. I had incurred the maximum of political odium for the minimum of political benefit."
她自己也曾在内阁为反对取消免费牛奶而争吵。她之后写道：“我学到了宝贵的一课。我为了最小的政治利益而招致了最大的政治憎恨。”
As one of the few high-flying women in politics there was, inevitably, talk of the possibility that she might, one day, become prime minister. Similar press speculation surrounded the Labour minister Shirley Williams.
作为政界少有的有野心的女性，她不可避免地会被人谈及：或许某一天，她会成为首相。工党大臣谢莉?威廉姆斯身边也围绕着类似的媒体猜测。
Margaret Thatcher dismissed the idea. In a TV interview she said she did not believe that there would be a woman prime minister in her lifetime.
玛格利特?撒切尔驳斥了这种想法。在一个电视采访中，她说她不相信在她有生之年会产生一个女首相。
The Heath government was not to last. Battered by the 1973 oil crisis, forced to impose a three-day working week and facing a miners' strike, Edward Heath's administration finally collapsed in February 1974.
希思政府注定不会长久。在遭受1973年石油危机的打击，被迫强制实行三日工作周，并面临新一轮矿工罢工后，爱德华?希思政府终于在1974年2月垮台了。
重点单词
查看全部解释
legacy
['leg?si]
想一想再看
n. 祖先传下来之物，遗赠物
adj. [计算
联想记忆
X
单词legacy 联想记忆：
读：来个死。死了以后就可以领到遗产了！
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
eventually
[i'ventju?li]
想一想再看
adv. 终于，最后
divisive
[di'vaisiv]
想一想再看
adj. 区分的，分裂的，不和的
stroke
[str?uk]
想一想再看
n. 笔画，击打，一笔（画）连续的动作，中风，
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词stroke 联想记忆：
源于：strike（v 打击；军事进攻；铸造；敲钟；罢工）
odium
['?udi?m]
想一想再看
n. 憎恶，反感
administration
[?d.mini'strein]
想一想再看
n. 行政，管理，行政部门
联想记忆
X
单词administration 联想记忆：
ad+(mini小+ster→小人→古代大臣称自己是“小人”→部长，大臣)→做部长→管理，治理+ation→行政，管理
radical
['r?dik?l]
想一想再看
adj. 激进的，基本的，彻底的
n. 激进分
impose
[im'p?uz]
想一想再看
v. 加上，课征，强迫，征收(税款)
联想记忆
X
单词impose 联想记忆：
im进入，pose放－把你放在一个被强迫的状态－强制实行
valuable
['v?lju?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 贵重的，有价值的
n. (pl.)贵
联想记忆
X
单词valuable 联想记忆：
val强壮+uable→因为强壮，所以有价值→有价值的
Father's influence
父亲的影响
Margaret Hilda Thatcher was born on 13 October 1925 in Grantham, Lincolnshire, the daughter of Alfred Roberts, a grocer, and his wife, Beatrice.
玛格丽特? 希尔达? 撒切尔，1925年10月13日生于林肯郡的格兰瑟姆。她的父亲阿尔弗雷德?罗伯茨是一个杂货商，她的母亲叫比阿特丽斯。
Her father, a Methodist lay preacher and local councillor, had an immense influence on her life and the policies she would adopt.
她的父亲是卫理公会的世俗布道者，同时也是当地的议员。撒切尔在她之后的生活和政治上深受其父亲的影响。
"Well, of course, I just owe almost everything to my own father. I really do," she said later. "He brought me up to believe all the things that I do believe."
“当然了，我几乎可以把一切都归功于我父亲，的确如此。”撒切尔说道。“他把我养大，让我坚信我认定的东西。”
She studied chemistry at Somerville College, Oxford, and became only the third female president of the Oxford University Conservative Association.
她曾在牛津大学的萨默维尔学院学习自然科学。她还是牛津大学保守党协会的第三位女性主席。
After graduating she moved to Colchester where she worked for a plastics company and became involved with the local Conservative Party organisation.
毕业后，她搬到了科尔切斯特，在当地一家塑料公司工作，随后加入了当地保守党组织。
In 1949, she was adopted as the prospective Conservative candidate for the seat of Dartford in Kent which she fought, unsuccessfully, in the 1950 and 1951 general elections.
1949年，她被定为未来肯特郡达特福德区的保守党候选人。然而，在1950年和1951的两次大选中均不幸败北。
However, she made a significant dent in the Labour majority and, as the then youngest ever Conservative candidate, attracted a lot of media attention.
但是她却大大撼动了工党主体。同时作为当时有史以来最年轻的保守党候选人，她也吸引了众多媒体的关注。
In 1951 she married a divorced businessman, Denis Thatcher, and began studying for the Bar exams. She qualified as a barrister in 1953, the year in which her twins Mark and Carol were born.
1951年，她嫁给了一个离过婚的商人，丹尼斯?撒切尔。同时她还投考律师公会，并于1953年成功取得讼务律师的资格。同年，夫妇俩诞下了一对孪生兄妹，分别取名为马克和卡洛儿。
She tried, unsuccessfully, to gain selection as a candidate in 1955, but finally entered Parliament for the safe Conservative seat of Finchley at the 1959 general election.
1955年她再次竞选保守党候选人，却未能如愿，最终在1959年的大选中成功当选芬奇利议会成员。
Within two years she had been appointed as a junior minister and, following the Conservative defeat in 1964, was promoted to the shadow cabinet.
不到两年，她就被任命为初级部长。1964年保守党落选后，她又被晋升为影子内阁。
重点单词
查看全部解释
stroke
[str?uk]
想一想再看
n. 笔画，击打，一笔（画）连续的动作，中风，
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词stroke 联想记忆：
源于：strike（v 打击；军事进攻；铸造；敲钟；罢工）
defeat
[di'fi:t]
想一想再看
n. 败北，挫败
vt. 战胜，击败
联想记忆
X
单词defeat 联想记忆：
de使变坏，feat（n 功绩）－使没有功绩－击败
rebellion
[ri'belj?n]
想一想再看
n. 谋反，叛乱，反抗
联想记忆
X
单词rebellion 联想记忆：
re反+bell打＋ion→反打→反叛；反抗
qualified
['kw?lifaid]
想一想再看
adj. 有资格的，有限制的
联想记忆
X
单词qualified 联想记忆：
源于：qualify（v 使具有资格；限制）
association
[?.s?usi'ein]
想一想再看
n. 联合，结合，交往，协会，社团，联想
联想记忆
X
单词association 联想记忆：
as加强＋soc社会+ion→社团；联合
radical
['r?dik?l]
想一想再看
adj. 激进的，基本的，彻底的
n. 激进分
shadow
['d?u]
想一想再看
n. 阴影，影子，荫，阴暗，暗处
vt. 投阴
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
defined
[di'faind]
想一想再看
adj. 有定义的，确定的；清晰的，轮廓分明的 v. 使
candidate
['k?ndidit]
想一想再看
n. 候选人，求职者
联想记忆
X
单词candidate 联想记忆：
cand白，古代候选人穿白袍+ate表名词，“人或地位”→候选人
'Treachery with a smile'
“微笑的背叛”
It sparked some of the worst street violence in living memory. Tory MPs, alarmed that the tax could cost them their seats, saw no way of getting rid of it so long as Margaret Thatcher was in charge.
这一政策导致了人们记忆中最严重的街头暴力行为。保守党下院议员被警告称他们的议会席位会由于该政策而丧失，但这些议员认为只要撒切尔夫人执政，这项政策就不会取消。
She easily survived a leadership challenge from an unknown back-bencher in 1989 but the challenge was just a symptom of increasing dissatisfaction among Conservative MPs over her policies.
1989年，撒切尔夫人轻松化解了一位不知名的国会议员对其执政地位的挑战。但这一挑战表明，保守党议员对其政策的不满在增加。
It was the issue of Europe which, eventually, brought about her downfall.
最终是欧洲问题导致了撒切尔夫人的下台。
Returning from a fractious Euro summit in Rome, she let rip against her European counterparts, refusing to countenance any increase in the power of the European Community and outraging many colleagues.
撒切尔夫人参加完意大利罗马的一次欧洲峰会回国后，开始高调地与欧洲其他国家领导人唱反调，拒绝支持扩大欧共体的权力，结果令很多同事感到不满。
"The President of the Commission, Monsieur Delors, said at a press conference the other day that he wanted the European Parliament to be the democratic body of the Community, he wanted the Commission to be the Executive and he wanted the Council of Ministers to be the Senate. No. No. No."
“欧共体委员会主席雅克?德洛尔在前几天的一次新闻发布会上说，他希望欧洲议会成为欧共体的民主机构，欧共体委员会成为行政机构，部长理事会成为参议院。这样不行，不行，不行。”
Sir Geoffrey Howe, resentful since being ousted as foreign secretary, seized his moment to quit the cabinet, deliver a devastating resignation speech and invite challengers for the leadership.
外交大臣杰弗里?豪因被撤职而心怀不满，他抓住这个机会从内阁辞了职，并发表了毁灭性的辞职演说，呼吁挑战者争夺领导地位。
The following day, Michael Heseltine threw his hat into the ring. Falling two votes short of preventing the contest going to a second round, Margaret Thatcher declared she would fight on.
第二天，迈克尔?赫尔塞廷宣布参加竞选。由于差两张选票，竞选将进入第二轮，撒切尔夫人宣布将继续战斗。
Told by close colleagues, the famous "men in grey suits," that she would lose, she used her next cabinet meeting to announce her resignation. Later, she mused bitterly: "It was treachery with a smile on its face."
撒切尔夫人在其亲密的同僚告知她会在竞选中失败后，利用随后召开内阁会议宣布辞职。后来，她有些苦涩的说：“这是面带微笑的背叛。”
John Major was elected her successor and Margaret Thatcher returned to the back benches, finally standing down as an MP in 1992 when the Conservatives, against all predictions, were again returned to power.
约翰?梅杰被选为撒切尔夫人的继任者，撒切尔夫人则回到议会任职，并最终在1992年放弃议员席位。那一年，出乎所有人的预料，保守党再次上台执政。
重点单词
查看全部解释
violence
['vai?l?ns]
想一想再看
n. 暴力，猛烈，强暴，暴行
symptom
['simpt?m]
想一想再看
n. 症状，征兆
unknown
['?n'n?un]
想一想再看
adj. 未知的，不出名的
stake
[steik]
想一想再看
n. 桩，赌注，利害关系
v. 下注，用桩支撑
联想记忆
X
单词stake 联想记忆：
s死也要take走stake。
cabinet
['k?binit]
想一想再看
n. 橱柜，内阁
adj. 私人的
联想记忆
X
单词cabinet 联想记忆：
象cab（出租车）一样有门，里边有net（网格）－储藏柜
summit
['s?mit]
想一想再看
n. 顶点;最高阶层
vi. 参加最高级会议，
联想记忆
X
单词summit 联想记忆：
summ总，加+it表名词→山的顶峰像数量总和→一样→最高数量→最高峰
rebellion
[ri'belj?n]
想一想再看
n. 谋反，叛乱，反抗
联想记忆
X
单词rebellion 联想记忆：
re反+bell打＋ion→反打→反叛；反抗
devastating
['dev?steiti?]
想一想再看
adj. 毁灭性的，令人震惊的，强有力的
consensus
[k?n'sens?s]
想一想再看
n. 共识，一致，合意
n. [生理]交感
联想记忆
X
单词consensus 联想记忆：
con共同，sens感觉，us我们－我们有共同的感觉－意见一致
resignation
[.rezig'nein]
想一想再看
n. 辞职，辞呈，顺从
联想记忆
X
单词resignation 联想记忆：
re后退+sign签字+ion表名词，“动作或状态 ”…辞去职位→辞职；听从
Later years
晚年
She was elevated to the peerage as Baroness Thatcher of Kesteven in the County of Lincolnshire, receiving the Order of the Garter in 1995.
1995年，撒切尔夫人荣获“嘉德骑士”勋章；在此之前，她还被册封为终身贵族，成为林肯郡克斯蒂文区的女男爵。
She wrote two volumes of her memoirs while remaining active in politics, campaigning against the Maastricht Treaty and condemning the Serbian policy of ethnic cleansing in Bosnia.
她著有两本回忆录，同时还活跃在政界，开展各种活动反对《马斯特里赫特条约》，并谴责塞尔维亚在波斯尼亚的种族清洗政策。
She publicly endorsed William Hague for the Conservative leadership in 1997 but pointedly failed to speak in favour of his successor, Iain Duncan Smith.
1997年，撒切尔夫人公开支持威廉?黑格出任保守党党魁；对于他的继任人选伊恩?邓肯?史密斯，她也曾游说表示支持，但终究没有取得成功。
She was forced to curtail her activities in 2001 when her health began to deteriorate. After a series of minor strokes, her doctors advised her against making public speaking appearances and she appeared increasingly frail.
从2001年开始，撒切尔夫人健康每况愈下，不得不逐渐淡出政治圈。在经历几次轻微中风后，医生建议她不要再进行任何公开演讲，她看上去也越来越虚弱了。
She was also suffering from dementia which was affecting her short-term memory, something her daughter, Carol, would reveal in 2008.
女儿卡罗尔2008年曾透露，撒切尔夫人还患有老年痴呆症，短期记忆因此大大受损。
When her husband Denis - whom she had described as her "rock" - died in 2003 aged 88, she paid him an emotional tribute. "Being prime minister is a lonely job. In a sense, it ought to be - you cannot lead from a crowd. But with Denis there I was never alone. What a man. What a husband. What a friend."
2003年，撒切尔夫人88岁的丈夫丹尼斯去世。撒切尔夫人一直将丈夫视为自己的“坚强后盾”；面对丈夫的离去，她难掩内心的失落，并这样表达了她对丈夫的敬意：“担任首相很孤独。从某种意义上说，领袖从来就是孤独的。但是，有丹尼斯在身边，我从来没感到孤单。多么伟大的男人！多么优秀的丈夫！多么难得的益友！”
A year later she travelled to the US to bid farewell to her political partner Ronald Reagan, whose funeral took place in Washington in June 2004.
一年后，也就是2004年6月，撒切尔夫人来到美国华盛顿参加了罗纳德?里根的葬礼，跟她的政坛伙伴作最后的告别。
She continued to appear in public, perhaps most notably when she unveiled a bronze statue of herself in the House of Commons, the first time a living former prime minister had been commemorated in this way.
她不断出现在公众视野，最引人注目的一次或许就是她在下议院为自己的铜像揭幕，这也是第一次前首相在生前得到这种荣誉。
And she returned to Downing Street. Gordon Brown invited her for tea, shortly after he became prime minister and she was back in 2010 as a guest of David Cameron, the new head of a coalition government.
之后，撒切尔夫人回到了唐宁街。戈登?布朗当选英国首相后不久，便邀请她一起喝茶；2010年，她又作为联合政府新首脑大卫?卡梅伦的客人被邀请回到唐宁街。
重点单词
查看全部解释
defined
[di'faind]
想一想再看
adj. 有定义的，确定的；清晰的，轮廓分明的 v. 使
stake
[steik]
想一想再看
n. 桩，赌注，利害关系
v. 下注，用桩支撑
联想记忆
X
单词stake 联想记忆：
s死也要take走stake。
treaty
['tri:ti]
想一想再看
n. 条约，协定
联想记忆
X
单词treaty 联想记忆：
treat（v 对待；处理；谈判），y－做出处理的文件－条约
rebellion
[ri'belj?n]
想一想再看
n. 谋反，叛乱，反抗
联想记忆
X
单词rebellion 联想记忆：
re反+bell打＋ion→反打→反叛；反抗
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
opposition
[.?p?'zin]
想一想再看
n. 反对，敌对，在野党
reveal
[ri'vi:l]
想一想再看
vt. 显示，透露
n. (外墙与门或窗之间的
conservative
[k?n's?:v?tiv]
想一想再看
adj. 保守的，守旧的
n. 保守派(党),
联想记忆
X
单词conservative 联想记忆：
con全部+serve保持+ative→保守的
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
statue
['st?tju:]
想一想再看
n. 塑像，雕像
联想记忆
X
单词statue 联想记忆：
stat站，立+ue→站着的[雕像]
重点单词
查看全部解释
popularity
[.p?pju'l?riti]
想一想再看
n. 普及，流行，名望，受欢迎
联想记忆
X
单词popularity 联想记忆：
popular流行+ity→大众性；流行
substantial
[s?b'st?nl]
想一想再看
adj. 实质的，可观的，大量的，坚固的
n.
联想记忆
X
单词substantial 联想记忆：
源于：substance（n 物质）
disarray
[.dis?'rei]
想一想再看
vt. 弄乱，使混乱 n. 无秩序，杂乱，不整齐的衣服
联想记忆
X
单词disarray 联想记忆：
dis消除，array（n 排列）－漫无秩序
response
[ri'sp?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回答，响应，反应，答复
n. [宗
联想记忆
X
单词response 联想记忆：
re回+spond承诺→承诺回去;respond的名词→回答；答应
landslide
['l?ndslaid]
想一想再看
n. 山崩 n. (竞选中)压倒多数的选票
联想记忆
X
单词landslide 联想记忆：
land地，slide滑－地向下滑－山崩的大石头。
falter
['f?:lt?]
想一想再看
vi. 支吾地说，迟疑，蹒跚地走
vt. 支支
联想记忆
X
单词falter 联想记忆：
f，alter（v 改变）－总是改变走路的方向－蹒跚
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
legacy
['leg?si]
想一想再看
n. 祖先传下来之物，遗赠物
adj. [计算
联想记忆
X
单词legacy 联想记忆：
读：来个死。死了以后就可以领到遗产了！
invasion
[in'vein]
想一想再看
n. 侵入，侵略
联想记忆
X
单词invasion 联想记忆：
invade（v （以武力）侵犯；（有害的东西大批）侵入）in进入，vade走一走进来－侵略
election
[i'lekn]
想一想再看
n. 选举
联想记忆
X
单词election 联想记忆：
elect选择，收集+ion→选举
重点单词
查看全部解释
popularity
[.p?pju'l?riti]
想一想再看
n. 普及，流行，名望，受欢迎
联想记忆
X
单词popularity 联想记忆：
popular流行+ity→大众性；流行
substantial
[s?b'st?nl]
想一想再看
adj. 实质的，可观的，大量的，坚固的
n.
联想记忆
X
单词substantial 联想记忆：
源于：substance（n 物质）
disarray
[.dis?'rei]
想一想再看
vt. 弄乱，使混乱 n. 无秩序，杂乱，不整齐的衣服
联想记忆
X
单词disarray 联想记忆：
dis消除，array（n 排列）－漫无秩序
response
[ri'sp?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回答，响应，反应，答复
n. [宗
联想记忆
X
单词response 联想记忆：
re回+spond承诺→承诺回去;respond的名词→回答；答应
landslide
['l?ndslaid]
想一想再看
n. 山崩 n. (竞选中)压倒多数的选票
联想记忆
X
单词landslide 联想记忆：
land地，slide滑－地向下滑－山崩的大石头。
falter
['f?:lt?]
想一想再看
vi. 支吾地说，迟疑，蹒跚地走
vt. 支支
联想记忆
X
单词falter 联想记忆：
f，alter（v 改变）－总是改变走路的方向－蹒跚
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
legacy
['leg?si]
想一想再看
n. 祖先传下来之物，遗赠物
adj. [计算
联想记忆
X
单词legacy 联想记忆：
读：来个死。死了以后就可以领到遗产了！
invasion
[in'vein]
想一想再看
n. 侵入，侵略
联想记忆
X
单词invasion 联想记忆：
invade（v （以武力）侵犯；（有害的东西大批）侵入）in进入，vade走一走进来－侵略
election
[i'lekn]
想一想再看
n. 选举
联想记忆
X
单词election 联想记忆：
elect选择，收集+ion→选举
Third term
第三任期
There were brutal clashes between pickets and police but the strike eventually collapsed the following March. Many mining communities never recovered from the dispute that hastened the decline of the coal industry.
罢工示威者和警察发生了激烈的冲突，但罢工最终在第二年的三月失败了。这一罢工加速了煤炭工业的衰退，很多矿业团体自此以后再也没有回复元气。
In Northern Ireland, Mrs Thatcher faced down IRA hunger strikers, though her hard-line approach infuriated even moderate nationalist opinion and critics claimed it drove many young Catholics towards the path of violence.
在北爱尔兰，撒切尔夫人挫败了北爱尔兰共和军的示威者，但她强硬的手段激怒比较温和的民族主义者。批评人士表示，这使得许多年轻的天主教徒走想了暴力之路。
Although she attempted to ease sectarian tensions, offering Dublin a role, peace efforts collapsed beneath the weight of Unionist opposition.
虽然她试图缓和宗派间的关系，给予都柏林一定的地位，但和平进程在联合主义者反对的重压之下最终流产。
In October 1984, an IRA bomb exploded in the Conservative conference hotel in Brighton. Five people died and many others, including cabinet minister Norman Tebbit, were seriously injured.
1984年10月，保守党正在布莱顿的一家酒店内开会，北爱共和军在这家酒店内引爆炸弹，导致5人死亡，包括内阁大臣谭百德在内的许多人受重伤。
Characteristically, the prime minister insisted on delivering a typically robust response in her keynote conference speech a few hours later.
数小时后撒切尔夫人在保守党大会上的致辞中对爆炸事件进行了特别强硬的回应：
"This attack has failed. All attempts to destroy democracy by terrorism will fail."
“这次袭击失败了。任何用恐怖主义破坏民主的企图都会失败。”
Her foreign policy was aimed at building up the profile of the UK abroad, something she believed had been allowed to decline under previous Labour administrations.
撒切尔夫人的外交政策旨在国际社会中建立英国的影响力。她认为在之前工党执政时期，英国的影响有所衰退。
She found a soulmate in the US president, Ronald Reagan, who shared many of her economic views, and she struck up an unlikely alliance with Mikhail Gorbachev, the reforming Soviet president. "We can do business together," she famously said.
撒切尔夫人找到了一个知音，那便是美国总统罗纳德?里根，他们在很多经济问题上都有共识。他还和前苏联改革派总统米哈伊尔?戈尔巴乔夫建立起一种似乎不太可能的盟友关系。她形容戈尔巴乔夫是“可以打交道的人。”
Labour, now led by Neil Kinnock, had still not recovered from years of in-fighting and Mrs Thatcher won an unprecedented third term at the 1987 general election.
工党在尼尔?基诺克的领导下仍然没有从多年的内耗中恢复，撒切尔夫人在1987年大选中获得了空前的胜利，开始了其第三任期。
One of her first actions was to introduce the poll tax or community charge, a flat-rate tax for local services which was based on individuals rather than the value of the property in which they lived.
撒切尔夫人蝉联后的首批政策之一是实施人头税，这是一种为本地服务征收的单一税。该税种基于个人，而非民众居住的房产的价值。
重点单词
查看全部解释
unlikely
[?n'laikli]
想一想再看
adj. 不太可能的
legacy
['leg?si]
想一想再看
n. 祖先传下来之物，遗赠物
adj. [计算
联想记忆
X
单词legacy 联想记忆：
读：来个死。死了以后就可以领到遗产了！
dispute
[di'spju:t]
想一想再看
v. 争论，争议，辩驳，质疑
n. 争论，争吵
联想记忆
X
单词dispute 联想记忆：
dis反+pute认为，思考→过来思考→反驳
defined
[di'faind]
想一想再看
adj. 有定义的，确定的；清晰的，轮廓分明的 v. 使
moderate
['m?d?reit,'m?d?rit]
想一想再看
adj. 适度的，稳健的，温和的，中等的
v.
联想记忆
X
单词moderate 联想记忆：
moder模，规矩+ate表形容词，“具有…的”→有节制的
radical
['r?dik?l]
想一想再看
adj. 激进的，基本的，彻底的
n. 激进分
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
consensus
[k?n'sens?s]
想一想再看
n. 共识，一致，合意
n. [生理]交感
联想记忆
X
单词consensus 联想记忆：
con共同，sens感觉，us我们－我们有共同的感觉－意见一致
strike
[straik]
想一想再看
n. 罢工，打击，殴打
v. 打，撞，罢工，划
rebellion
[ri'belj?n]
想一想再看
n. 谋反，叛乱，反抗
联想记忆
X
单词rebellion 联想记忆：
re反+bell打＋ion→反打→反叛；反抗
Legacy
遗留下来的宝贵财富
Few politicians have exercised such dominance during their term in office and few politicians have attracted such strength of feeling, both for and against.
几乎没有哪个政治家在任期间会像撒切尔夫人那样保持着一如既往的统治地位，也没有哪个政治家能勾起外界这么强烈的情感，这其中有支持，也有反对。
To her detractors she was the politician who put the free market above all else and who was willing to allow others to pay the price for her policies in terms of rising unemployment and social unrest.
在批评者眼中，她是一位视自由市场高于一切的政治家。针对上升的失业率和动荡不安的社会，她推出的政策却要别人来买单。
Her supporters hail her for rolling back the frontiers of an overburdening state, reducing the influence of powerful trades union leaders and restoring Britain's standing in the world.
支持者拥戴她，因为她为一个负担过重的国家减轻了不少压力，减小了工会领导人的影响力，而且恢复了英国的世界地位。
She was, above all, that rare thing, a conviction politician who was prepared to stand by those convictions for good or ill.
最重要的是，她是一位有执着信念的政治家，无论对错，她都坚守着自己的信念，真可谓“人间珍品”。
Her firm belief that deeply held convictions should never be compromised by consensus was her great strength and, at the same time, her greatest weakness.
但凡她坚持的信念，她都不会做出任何妥协，这种坚定是她的长处，同时也是她最大的弱点。
For many, her philosophy was summed up in a magazine interview she gave in 1987.
在很多人看来，撒切尔夫人1987年接受的一个杂志采访很好地总结了她的人生观。
"I think we have gone through a period when too many children and people have been given to understand 'I have a problem, it is the government's job to cope with it!' or 'I have a problem, I will go and get a grant to cope with it!'; 'I am homeless, the government must house me!' and so they are casting their problems on society and who is society?
“我觉得我们经历了这样一个时期，不少人（包括孩子）理所当然地认为：‘我遇到问题了，政府有职责去解决这个问题！’或者‘我遇到问题了，我得获得（政府）资助才能解决’，又或者‘我无家可归，政府必须给我一个住的地方’。这样一来，他们都把自己的问题归咎于社会，那么社会是什么呢？”
"There is no such thing! There are individual men and women and there are families, and no government can do anything except through people and people look to themselves first.
“根本就不存在这样一个东西！社会上存在的就是个体的男人、女人和家庭，政府只有通过人民才能有所作为，人民最先依赖的还应该是他们自己。”
"It is our duty to look after ourselves and then also to help look after our neighbour and life is a reciprocal business and people have got the entitlements too much in mind without the obligations."
“照顾好自己是我们的职责，当然我们也有责任帮助照顾好邻里。生活就是有来有往，互利互惠。人们太过专注于自己的权利，却忽视了应该承担的责任。”
重点单词
查看全部解释
unemployment
['?nim'pl?im?nt]
想一想再看
n. 失业，失业人数
stake
[steik]
想一想再看
n. 桩，赌注，利害关系
v. 下注，用桩支撑
联想记忆
X
单词stake 联想记忆：
s死也要take走stake。
rejection
[ri'd?ekn]
想一想再看
n. 拒绝，被弃，被抛弃的实例
联想记忆
X
单词rejection 联想记忆：
reject投掷，扔+ion→拒绝
consensus
[k?n'sens?s]
想一想再看
n. 共识，一致，合意
n. [生理]交感
联想记忆
X
单词consensus 联想记忆：
con共同，sens感觉，us我们－我们有共同的感觉－意见一致
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
defined
[di'faind]
想一想再看
adj. 有定义的，确定的；清晰的，轮廓分明的 v. 使
divisive
[di'vaisiv]
想一想再看
adj. 区分的，分裂的，不和的
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
interview
['int?vju:]
想一想再看
n. 接见，会见，面试，面谈
vt. 接见，采
opposition
[.?p?'zin]
想一想再看
n. 反对，敌对，在野党
The cache of documents passed to the BBC and Buzzfeed News include the findings of an investigation set up in 2007 by the ATP
近日，一份秘密磁盘被递交给了BBC和Buzzfeed新闻网。该磁盘里面收录了2007年ATP赛事组织方对假球事件的调查结果。
Secret files exposing evidence of widespread suspected match fixing at the top level of world tennis, including at Wimbledon, can be revealed by the BBC and BuzzFeed News.
该秘密文件揭示的证据显示，包括温网在内的很多世界网球顶级赛事，都存在大量的打假球现象。BBC和Buzzfeed新闻网即将披露这些文件。
Over the last decade 16 players who have ranked in the top 50 have been repeatedly flagged to the tennis integrity unit over suspicions they have thrown matches. All of the players, including winners of Grand Slam titles, were allowed to continue competing.
在过去的10年间，有16名曾经进入世界排名前50的网球选手，被网球廉政部门怀疑打假球。但包括大满贯冠军在内的所有这些球员都获准可以继续参加比赛。
The Tennis Integrity Unit - set up to police the sport - said it had a zero-tolerance approach to betting-related corruption.
负责监管网球运动的网球廉政机构（TIU）表示，将对与赌球相关的腐败行为采取零容忍的态度。
ATP President Chris Kermode tells the BBC he is aware there is match fixing within tennis but says it is at an 'incredibly small level'.
ATP主席克里斯·克默德告诉BBC，他知道在网球运动中存在着打假球的现象，但他也表示，打假球的现象局限在一个很小的范围内。
The documents we have obtained show the enquiry found betting syndicates in Russia, northern Italy and Sicily making hundreds of thousands of pounds betting on games investigators thought to be fixed. Three of these games were at Wimbledon.
磁盘资料显示，在TIU曾怀疑过的比赛中，有多场存在着大数额的赌球行为。区域主要是在俄罗斯、意大利北部和西西里岛。其中有三场比赛是温网的。
In a confidential report for the tennis authorities in 2008, the enquiry team said 28 players involved in these games should be investigated but the findings were never followed up. Tennis introduced a new anti-corruption code in 2009 but after taking legal advice were told previous corruption offences could not be pursued.
2008年的一项机密文件显示，28名网球选手涉嫌打假球并被调查，但整起事件最后却无疾而终。2009年，TIU推行了反腐新法案。然而，在征询法律意见后，他们被告知此前的违法行为可能会不予追究。
"As a result no new investigations into any of the players who were mentioned in the 2008 report were opened," a TIU spokesman said.
TIU一位发言人称：“最终对2008年机密文件涉嫌球员的调查结果都没有公开。”
In subsequent years there were repeated alerts sent to the TIU about a third of these players. None of them was disciplined by the TIU.
近些年，其中三分之一的球员又陆续接到检举，但无一人真正受罚。
A group of whistle blowers inside tennis, who wanted to remain anonymous, recently passed the documents on to the BBC and Buzzfeed News. Mark Phillips, one of the betting investigators in the 2007 enquiry, who told the BBC they discovered there was repeated suspicious betting activity about a clear group. "There was a core of about 10 players who we believed were the most common perpetrators that were at the root of the problem."
网坛内部的一些举报人最近把相关材料交给了BBC和Buzzfeed新闻网，这些举报人希望不要透露他们的姓名。ATP赛事组织方2007年对假球事件进行调查的负责人之一的马克·菲利普，近日告诉BBC，他们发现某个小组行为可疑，曾数次参与非法赌博活动。问题根源涉及10名球员，他们都是“惯犯”。。
He has never spoken publicly before about the material he gathered, which he said was as powerful as any he had seen in over 20 years as a betting investigator. "The evidence was really strong. There appeared to be a really good chance to nip it in the bud and get a strong deterrent out there to root out the main bad apples."
在BBC收到磁盘资料之前，马克·菲利普从未公开说过这些话。他表示，根据他20年的从业经验，磁盘里都是非常强有力的的证据。他说：“磁盘里的证据非常有利。这是个很好的机会，把打假球的萌芽清除掉，把坏苹果的根拔起。”
Only 6% of Chinese employees said they are "engaged" in their jobs, according to a global Gallup survey released this month。
本月发布的盖洛普世界民意测验发现，仅有6%的中国职场人士表示对工作“很投入”。
Workers across all income levels and industries were surveyed by Gallup in China, defined by Gallup to mean they were "psychologically committed to their jobs and likely to be making positive contributions to their organisations"。
盖洛普世界民意测验对中国各收入阶层，各行业的职场人士进行了统计调查，旨在研究他们是否“从心理上接纳他们的工作，并且能够对供职的机构做出积极贡献。”
Out of 94 countries polled, only six countries scored lower rates of job engagement than China, including Tunisia, Israel and Syria. Unsurprisingly, 0% of Syrians admitted to being engaged at work。
在调查统计的94个国家中，只有6个国家的工作投入率低于中国，这六个国家包括突尼斯、以色列和叙利亚。并不奇怪的是，0%的叙利亚人投入自己的工作。
In a related survey, China ranked near the bottom in a poll measuring job satisfaction among 22 Asian countries. Only 49% of Chinese respondents said they were happy in their jobs。
在一项与之相似的，调查各国人工作幸福指数的民意调查中，中国排在22个亚洲国家中的最后一位。在中国，只有49%的受调查人群称他们在工作中感到幸福。
Part of the problem is that very few in China have the luxury of pursuing a career that truly interests them。
产生这一结果的部分原因在于，在中国，很少有人有机会追求自己真正感兴趣的事业。
Even university graduates often feel they have no choice but to opt for positions with the government or state-run enterprises, since those jobs are thought to be stable and recession-proof。
即便是大学毕业生也通常认为，除政府或国企工作外他们别无选择，因为这种工作既稳定又能抵御经济衰退的影响。
That makes those who are happy at work in China a rare find indeed。
正由于此，在中国鲜有对工作感到幸福的人。
The BBC's ongoing My Day series tracked a typical day in a selection of people across Asia who are immersed in rewarding jobs, including some from China - a maternity nurse and a jack of all trades designer。
英国广播公司正在制作一个名为《我的一天》的系列纪录片，对亚洲范围内一些特定的采访对象进行跟踪报道，这些人都从事着富有意义的工作，其中包括一名中国月嫂和一个从事领域极为广泛的“万金油”设计师等。
The latest instalment in the series tracks the work of a Chinese genealogist. Huihan Lie runs the company My China Roots in Beijing, which traces family histories and tries to put them in the context of the time。
最新一集的纪录片跟踪报道了一位名叫列珲翰(音译)的中国谱系学研究专家。列珲翰在北京创办了一家家谱公司，专门为客户研究家族历史、以及其家族在各个时代的社会地位。
"With every project, you find things you weren't expecting to find and the client wasn't expecting to find," he says. "Really, every person has their own little quirks and personal stories."
列珲翰表示：“每个项目都能找到意想不到的东西。每个人都有自己的怪癖和个人经历。”
Germany is the most positively viewed nation in the world in this year's annual Country Ratings Poll for the BBC World Service.英国广播公司（BBC）的全球民意调查显示，德国成为全世界最受好评的国家。
More than 26,000 people were surveyed internationally for the poll. They were asked to rate 16 countries and the European Union on whether their influence in the world was "mainly positive" or "mainly negative". Germany came out top with 59% rating it positively. Iran was once again the most negatively viewed.这次调查接触了世界各地2.6万多名调查对象，请他们对16个国家和欧盟品头论足，品评它们对世界的影响主要是积极还是消极。德国脱颖而出，有59%的人评价其具有积极影响，居各国之首。与之相反，伊朗再次成为最被消极看待的国家。
Global views of Europe's biggest country have improved significantly in 2013, according to the poll. It was conducted for the BBC by GlobeScan and PIPA, who conducted face-to-face and telephone interviews with randomly selected people, mainly in urban centres, in 25 countries around the globe.BBC的这次调查是通过“环球扫描”和PIPA公司开展的，在全球25个国家（主要在城市中心）随机选择受访者，通过面对面采访和电话访谈的方式进行调查。
View of India deteriorates
A three-point increase in Germany's average rating returned it to the top of the BBC list, displacing Japan, which saw its positive ratings drop from 58% to 51%, and fell from first to fourth place overall.作为去年榜首的日本，其好评已经从58%降到了 51%，总体地位从第一名降到第四名。
The UK saw a bigger increase in positive ratings than any other country and climbed to third place in the table, in the wake of its hosting of the 2012 Olympics.英国本次获得的积极评价上升幅度最大，已经攀升到榜单的第三位，这要归功于英国主办2012年奥运会的成绩。
The poll also indicates that positive views of China and India have fallen sharply around the world over the last year. After improving for several years, views of China have sunk to their lowest level since polling began in 2005, putting it in ninth position.
India is ranked 12th, with negative views (35%) slightly outnumbering positive ones (34%) for the first time.与去年相比，印度获得的积极评价也大幅减少，排名第12位，对该国的消极评价（35%）首次略高于积极评价（34%）。中国排名第九位。
Risers and fallers
More positively viewed than in 2012 - UK, Canada, France
More negatively viewed than in 2012 - China, USA, Russia
But Germany, whose economy has done better than almost every other in Europe in recent years, scored well across the world in the poll.最近几年，德国经济好于其他欧洲各国，它在本次调查中也获得全世界的好评。它取代日本，重新回到BBC排行榜首位。
In Ghana, 84% of people polled said Germany's influence was mainly positive, while 81% in neighbouring France and 76% in Australia felt the same. The big exception to the trend was in recession-hit Greece, where a majority of people polled gave Germany negative ratings.在加纳，84%的调查对象认为，德国的影响主要是积极的，81%的法国被调查中持有同样的看法。在澳大利亚，对德国持积极看法的人也占到76%。但在遭衰退重创的希腊，多数被调查者对德国评价消极。
Positive views of the EU dropped to their lowest level last year but have stabilised this year, rising one point to 49% on average.欧盟在去年得到的好评降至最低，今年渐趋稳定，平均分上升一个点，为49%。
But this figure masks significant changes. There has been a sharp drop in positive ratings by Germans, down 14 points to 59%. Canadians and Americans both give significantly lower ratings to the EU. In the UK, positive views of the EU continue to fall steadily and, for the first time this year, more Britons rate it negatively (47%) than positively (42%).但这一数字背后仍然有重大变化。德国人对欧盟的积极评价下降了14个点，目前为59%。加拿大人和美国人给欧盟也都打了低分。在英国，对欧盟的积极看法也在减少，英国人今年对欧盟的负面评价（47%）第一次高出了正面好评（42%）。
Israel, North Korea, Pakistan and Iran came out worst in terms of how they are viewed globally. Only 15% of respondents said they saw Iran as having a mainly positive influence.以色列、朝鲜、巴基斯坦和伊朗在全球评价中居于末位。只有15%的调查对象认为，伊朗的影响主要是积极的。
It’s always crush hour in the creche for these chilly emperor penguin chicks.
对于这些怕冷的帝企鹅宝宝来说，托儿所永远处在高峰时刻。
But when it’s -60C and the wind is 100mph, huddling together makes p-p-p-perfect sense. Having a tight protective circle of grown-ups also helps.
而在零下60℃低温，每英里风速100的环境下，挤成一团就完完全说得通了。一群成年帝企鹅围城一圈保护它们，希望能让企鹅宝宝好受得多。
This astonishing shot of parental devotion, printed in the Sunday People today, was filmed by a crew who spent eight months with the Antarctica penguins.
今天《星期天人民报》刊登了这张照片，其中企鹅父母的奉献精神令人称奇。这个纪录片的拍摄团队在南极和企鹅一起度过了八个月时间。
It is one of the amazing scenes in a three-part BBC TV documentary, Penguins – Spy in the Huddle, narrated by former Doctor Who star David Tennant.
这是BBC纪录片《企鹅群里有特务》中最叹为观止的场景之一，旁边讲解者是出演《神秘博士》的苏格兰演员大卫·田纳特。
The spy in the title refers to 50 robot cameras that were sent in to film the colony without ruffling feathers.
标题中的“特务”指的是50台安置在企鹅聚居地的机器人摄像机，外形又不至于惹怒企鹅们。
Disguised as eggs, animated penguins, chicks and snow and ice, the cameras captured previously unseen behaviour.
这些摄像机伪装成企鹅蛋、会动的企鹅、企鹅宝宝、雪或是冰，拍摄下了前所未见的企鹅的行为。
John Downer, who built the robots, said: “In 35 years of making wildlife films I have never seen or captured so much new behaviour of any animal as I have with penguins.”
BBC导演John Downer是这些装置的制造者，他说：“在拍摄野生动物的35年中，我从来没有在其他动物身上捕捉到这么多新奇的行为。”
The team filmed 1,000 hours of intimate behaviour over 300 consecutive days, the longest ever shoot of emperors. The crew filmed females without mates trying to break up couples.
该团队在连续300天中近距离拍摄下了1000小时的录像，这是世上最长的对帝企鹅的拍摄。摄制组拍摄下了一些没有伴侣的雌企鹅试图拆散别的企鹅夫妻。
John said: “Later, alone and without young of their own, they would resort to chick-napping. Some adults who lost their chicks even ‘adopted’ eggcams.
John说：“还有一些自己没有宝宝孤零零的企鹅会‘诱拐企鹅儿童’。一些失去了自己的宝宝的成年企鹅甚至会‘领养’企鹅蛋形状的摄像机。”
“We also recorded extraordinary close-ups showing emperor mothers flicking their tail feathers to catch the newly laid egg and stop it touching the snow.”
“我们也拍摄了一些非同寻常的近距离摄影，比如帝企鹅妈妈会突然摆动尾巴抓住刚刚生下来的企鹅蛋，不让它接触到地上的雪。”
BBC 100 Women has announced its list of 100 inspiring and influential women from around the world for 2018.
BBC（英国广播公司）从世界各地选出了2018年鼓舞人心且颇具影响力的100位女性。
Ranging in age from 15 to 94, and from more than 60 countries, the BBC 100 Women list includes leaders, trailblazers and everyday heroes.
BBC百大女性来自60多个国家，她们的年龄从15岁到94岁不等，她们之中有领袖、先驱者和平凡的英雄。
It's been a momentous year for women's rights around the globe, so in 2018 BBC 100 Women will reflect the trailblazing women who are using passion, indignation and anger to spark real change in the world around them.
关于女权，今年对全球女性而言是非常重要的一年，所以2018年BBC百大女性展示了那些先驱女性，她们用热情和愤慨来推动全球关于女性的真正变革。
Some will be telling us about what they will be putting in the Freedom Trash Can for all the items women feel hold them back.
一些人将告诉我们她们会把阻碍女性的一切事物扔进解放垃圾桶里。
Others will bring us stories of achievement against the odds, such as the British woman who used her jail time to create an inspiring business.
其他人会为我们带来她们与不平等做抗争的成功故事，例如一位英国女性在服刑期间做成了一番鼓舞人心的事业。
G.E.M., 27 - Singer-songwriter, China.
邓紫棋，27岁，歌手兼词曲作家，中国
G.E.M. is a top-selling female musician who uses her influence to support charities and organisations dedicated to music, education and poverty.
邓紫棋是一位女音乐家，她的专辑非常畅销。她用她的影响力支持了那些致力于音乐、教育和贫困的慈善机构。
Luo Yang, 34 - Photographer, China.
杨洛，34岁，摄影师，中国
Luo has been taking art portraits of young Chinese women since 2007 for her Girls series.
杨洛从2007年起就一直在拍摄她的女孩系列作品，为年轻的中国女性拍摄艺术照。
Jing Zhao, 35 - Entrepreneur, China.
赵静，35岁，企业家，中国
Jing runs an online network that helps women to learn and discuss their bodies and sexual desires.
赵静经营了一家帮助女性学习和探讨她们的身体和性欲的网站。
Rebels are believed to be in control of parts of Syria's second-biggest city.
外界认为，反对派仍然控制着利比亚第二大城市的部分地区。
Some 200,000 people have fled intense fighting in Syria's second city Aleppo in the past two days, the UN has said.
联合国消息表示，在过去的两天里，大约有20万人逃离阿勒波，目前这个利比亚第二大的城市正处于激烈的战火之中。
UN humanitarian chief Baroness Valerie Amos said others were trapped in the city and needed urgent help.
联合国人权组织主席说，还有另外的一些人被困在城中，急需救助。
Government forces launched a ground assault on Saturday after a week of sporadic shelling and sorties by fighter jets.
政府军自上周连续一周的零星空中轰炸后，于上周六发动了地面进攻。
The BBC's Ian Pannell, in the Aleppo area, says residents are facing food shortages and power cuts.
BBC的战地记者说称呼总居民面临食品和电力短缺。
He says the rebels are outgunned by the army, but they are fighting an effective guerrilla war in the streets.
该记者表示，反对派被政府军火力压制，但在街道上进行了有效的游击战。
Fighting has focused on the the Salah al-Din neighbourhood in Aleppo's south-west, where the rebels had embedded themselves.
战火主要集中在反对派的本部，靠近萨拉丁的西南地区。
Syrian state television showed footage from the city and interviewed soldiers, who said they had taken complete control of Salah al-Din.
利比亚国家电视台播放了一组视频片段，片段中被采访的士兵表示他们已经完全控制了该城市。
Activists reported heavy shelling of the district and an attack from the west, but they have not conceded that the quarter has been overrun by the army.
政治活动家对该地区的密集交火进行了报道，提及从西面发起的一次进攻，但没有承认大本营被政府军占领。
They also reported heavy shelling and clashes at the Sakhur quarter on the north-east side of the city centre, where another attack by government forces appeared to be under way.
他们同时还报道了来自城市中心东北角的一次进攻，政府军在该地区进行了火力猛烈的进攻。
Baroness Amos, speaking in New York, said that the Red Cross and the Syrian Arab Red Crescent estimated 200,000 people had fled the fighting in the past two days.
巴隆尼斯·阿莫斯在纽约表示，红十字会和阿拉伯红新月会驻利比亚分部估计，有交货两天来已经有大约20万人逃离该城市。
"It is not known how many people remain trapped in places where fighting continues today," she said.
“目前为止还不知道有若少人被困在战火区。”
"I call on all parties to the fighting to ensure that they do not target civilians and that they allow humanitarian organisations safe access."
我呼吁双方保障平民区的安全，并允许人权组织的通道安全。
She said many people had fled their homes to take shelter in schools and other public buildings.
她说，许多人已经离开家，逃到学校和其他公共建筑内避难。
Analysts say many others will have gone to nearby villages, and others will have fled across the border with Turkey.
分析家说，许多人可能已经逃往附近的村镇，另外一些有可能越过边境进入土耳其。
US Defence Secretary Leon Panetta, who is on a five day Middle East tour, heavily criticised the government's assault on Aleppo.
正在中东进行为期五天出访的美国国防部长严厉批评了政府军对阿勒波的进攻。
He said the attack would be "a nail in the coffin" of President Bashar al-Assad.
他说这次进攻可能会是总统巴沙尔·阿萨德“棺材上的一颗钉子”
Mr Panetta will visit Tunisia, Egypt, Israel and Jordan in a bid to reinforce the view that Mr Assad must step down.
美国防部长将造访突尼斯，印度，以色列和约旦，以寻求让利比亚总统阿萨德下台的方法。
【注：以上中文翻译文本为可可网独家提供，转载须注明】
重点单词
查看全部解释
roster
['r?st?]
想一想再看
n. 值勤表，花名册
联想记忆
X
单词roster 联想记忆：
roster原指烤肉的架子，因为烤架与被平行线分成表格的纸张有相似之处，所以引申为花名册。
split
[split]
想一想再看
n. 劈开，裂片，裂口
adj. 分散的
<br
experienced
[iks'pi?ri?nst]
想一想再看
adj. 有经验的
swift
[swift]
想一想再看
adj. 快的，迅速的
n. 雨燕，线轴
<br
haven
['heivn]
想一想再看
n. 港口，避难所，安息所 v. 安置 ... 于港中，
联想记忆
X
单词haven 联想记忆：
源于heaven（n 天空；天堂）是神仙的避难所have，n：有一个n（山洞）当作避难所
重点单词
查看全部解释
roster
['r?st?]
想一想再看
n. 值勤表，花名册
联想记忆
X
单词roster 联想记忆：
roster原指烤肉的架子，因为烤架与被平行线分成表格的纸张有相似之处，所以引申为花名册。
split
[split]
想一想再看
n. 劈开，裂片，裂口
adj. 分散的
<br
experienced
[iks'pi?ri?nst]
想一想再看
adj. 有经验的
swift
[swift]
想一想再看
adj. 快的，迅速的
n. 雨燕，线轴
<br
haven
['heivn]
想一想再看
n. 港口，避难所，安息所 v. 安置 ... 于港中，
联想记忆
X
单词haven 联想记忆：
源于heaven（n 天空；天堂）是神仙的避难所have，n：有一个n（山洞）当作避难所
重点单词
查看全部解释
roster
['r?st?]
想一想再看
n. 值勤表，花名册
联想记忆
X
单词roster 联想记忆：
roster原指烤肉的架子，因为烤架与被平行线分成表格的纸张有相似之处，所以引申为花名册。
split
[split]
想一想再看
n. 劈开，裂片，裂口
adj. 分散的
<br
experienced
[iks'pi?ri?nst]
想一想再看
adj. 有经验的
swift
[swift]
想一想再看
adj. 快的，迅速的
n. 雨燕，线轴
<br
haven
['heivn]
想一想再看
n. 港口，避难所，安息所 v. 安置 ... 于港中，
联想记忆
X
单词haven 联想记忆：
源于heaven（n 天空；天堂）是神仙的避难所have，n：有一个n（山洞）当作避难所
重点单词
查看全部解释
roster
['r?st?]
想一想再看
n. 值勤表，花名册
联想记忆
X
单词roster 联想记忆：
roster原指烤肉的架子，因为烤架与被平行线分成表格的纸张有相似之处，所以引申为花名册。
split
[split]
想一想再看
n. 劈开，裂片，裂口
adj. 分散的
<br
experienced
[iks'pi?ri?nst]
想一想再看
adj. 有经验的
swift
[swift]
想一想再看
adj. 快的，迅速的
n. 雨燕，线轴
<br
haven
['heivn]
想一想再看
n. 港口，避难所，安息所 v. 安置 ... 于港中，
联想记忆
X
单词haven 联想记忆：
源于heaven（n 天空；天堂）是神仙的避难所have，n：有一个n（山洞）当作避难所
XD#QB98fVuO
fgH_YW=MG4u~I!Wq
EMMA & TAYLOR
Though they haven't spoken much about their friendship, it turns out Stone and Swift have known each other since they were 18 and 17, respectively. Of her famous girlfriends, Swift told Glamour, "They've experienced all of this with me, and they've also experienced their own amazing success, and somehow through all of it, we've stayed close."
艾玛&泰勒
虽然她们没有说太多关于她们的友谊，原来斯通和斯威夫特在她们十七八岁时就认识了;W31h-6j1G3leF。在她著名的女朋友中，斯威夫特告诉《Glamour》：“她们和我在一起经历着这一切，并且她们也实现了自己惊人的成功，不知怎得历经这所有的一切，我们一直很亲密DiZF=~RweLlOBz|V_Dj。”jN=eRtwHV;!tS_lSccaE5kXt9_-J5yu5)R@@AK]n0@l8,
重点单词
查看全部解释
roster
['r?st?]
想一想再看
n. 值勤表，花名册
联想记忆
X
单词roster 联想记忆：
roster原指烤肉的架子，因为烤架与被平行线分成表格的纸张有相似之处，所以引申为花名册。
split
[split]
想一想再看
n. 劈开，裂片，裂口
adj. 分散的
<br
experienced
[iks'pi?ri?nst]
想一想再看
adj. 有经验的
swift
[swift]
想一想再看
adj. 快的，迅速的
n. 雨燕，线轴
<br
haven
['heivn]
想一想再看
n. 港口，避难所，安息所 v. 安置 ... 于港中，
联想记忆
X
单词haven 联想记忆：
源于heaven（n 天空；天堂）是神仙的避难所have，n：有一个n（山洞）当作避难所
The global economy is experiencing a "vicious cycle" in which the efforts of governments, households, businesses and the financial sector to reduce their debts are worsening each others' prospects, the Bank for International Settlements has warned.
国际清算银行(BIS)警告，全球经济正处于"恶性循环"之中，各国政府、家庭、企业和金融业削减债务的努力正在导致彼此的前景不断恶化。
Stephen Cecchetti, chief economist of the BIS–often referred to as the bank for central banks–said five years after the financial crisis engulfed the global economy, the world appears no closer to finding a sustainable economic model.
BIS首席经济学家史蒂芬?切凯蒂(Stephen Cecchetti)表示，自从5年前金融危机席卷了全球经济，世界至今依然茫无头绪，找不到一种可持续的经济模式。BIS常被称作"央行的央行"。
Not until regulators get to grips with the banking system's woes by forcing banks to recognise losses, take write-offs and raise capital can the path to sustainable growth begin, he said.
切凯蒂表示，在各国监管部门迫使银行承担损失、进行资产减记并增资，从而化解银行体系的困境之后，全球经济才有望踏上可持续的增长道路。
"The revitalisation of the banks and the moderation of the financial industry will end this destructive interaction with the other sectors and clear the way for the next steps–fiscal consolidation and the deleveraging of the private, non-financial sector," Mr Cecchetti said, unveiling the bank's 2012 annual report. "Only then can we return to a balanced growth path."
切凯蒂在公布BIS 2012年度报告时表示："当银行恢复元气、金融业企稳时，该行业与其他部门之间具有破坏性的相互作用就会终止，这将为接下来的事情——财政巩固以及私人非金融行业的去杠杆化——扫清道路。"
The report underscores the challenges facing governments, particularly in advanced economies, as they struggle to contain spending and recoup revenue lost as output collapses.
报告中强调了各国政府面临的挑战，尤其是发达经济体的政府，它们正在努力控制开支，弥补由于产出下降导致的税收减少。
Indeed, the study says the budgets of most advanced economies, excluding interest payments, "would need 20 consecutive years of surpluses exceeding 2 per cent of gross domestic product–starting now–just to bring the debt-to-GDP ratio back to its pre-crisis level".
报告指出，在大多数发达经济体，"要使债务与GDP比率恢复到危机前的水平，基本预算盈余（不计利息支出）占GDP的比率需要连续20年保持在2%以上的水平"。
Moreover, monetary policy has been bearing the brunt of efforts to adjust. These cannot go on forever and carry their own risks as economies become dependent on ultra-low interest rates, the BIS says.
此外，货币政策一直受到调整努力的极大影响。BIS指出，这种情况不会永远持续下去，而且，随着各国经济日渐依赖于超低利率，这种做法本身就带有风险。
"There are very clear limits to what central banks can do," Mr Cecchetti said, summing up the annual report. "They cannot repair balance sheets. They cannot increase productivity. And they cannot put policy on a sustainable path."
切凯蒂在概述年度报告时表示："各国央行能做的事十分有限，它们无法修补资产负债表，它们无法提高生产率，它们也无法让政策走上可持续的道路。"
Every additional year that policy makers fail to get to grips with long-term fiscal consolidation makes the recovery period even longer, he warned.
他警告说，除非政策制定者能够解决长期财政巩固的问题，否则复苏就会遥遥无期。
While the risks are greatest for developed economies–especially Europe–the BIS notes that risks are rising for emerging economies, particularly those that have experienced rapid growth through exports to more industrialised neighbours. These include Russia, India and Thailand.
发达经济体——尤其是欧洲——面临的风险最大，不过BIS也指出，新兴经济体面临的风险正在上升，特别是那些通过向工业化程度更高的邻近国家出口而实现快速增长的国家，如俄罗斯、印度和泰国。
Tens of thousands of people in Cairo's Tahrir Square erupted in feverish celebration as a leader of Egypt's long-outlawed Muslim Brotherhood defied pundits, opinion polls and the full brunt of the former regime's networks to become the nation's first democratically elected president.
埃及穆斯林兄弟会(Muslim Brotherhood)的领导人穆罕默德?穆尔西(Mohamed Morsi)出乎专家和民调的意料之外，冲破前政权势力的全面打击，成为该国首位民主选举的总统。开罗解放广场(Tahrir Square)上的数万民众兴奋地展开了庆祝活动。
A week after Egypt's first democratic presidential election and amid heightened anxiety over the conduct of the poll, Mohamed Morsi was on Sunday declared the country's first civilian leader after decades of rule by military men. Mr Morsi, 60, defeated Ahmed Shafiq, the ex-air force commander and official in Hosni Mubarak's regime, with 52 per cent of the vote, poll officials said.
在埃及首次进行民主的总统选举一周后，人们对选举中的行为日益感到担忧之际，周日穆尔西被宣布为该国在几十年军人执政后的首位非军人领导人。选举官员们表示，现年60岁的穆尔西获得52%的选票，击败了艾哈迈德?沙菲克(Ahmed Shafiq)。沙菲克曾在胡斯尼?穆巴拉克(Hosni Mubarak)政府担任空军司令和其它职务。
The elevation of an Islamist to the highest post in the Arab world's most populous and historically influential nation marks a milestone in the region where demands for political change were ignited 18 months ago by the self-immolation of a fruit vendor in Tunisia.
一位伊斯兰教徒在阿拉伯世界人口最多、历史上最具影响力的国家成为最高领导人，是这个地区的里程碑式事件。18个月前，突尼斯一位水果商贩的自焚激发了阿拉伯地区要求政治变革的呼声。
"Morsi! Morsi!" his supporters chanted inside his campaign headquarters, directly across the street from the same interior ministry in which many Islamists had been jailed and tortured. "The blood of the martyrs shall not be spilt in vain!" they cried.
穆尔西的支持者在其选举总部反复高喊："穆尔西！穆尔西！"，街道对面就是曾经囚禁许多伊斯兰教徒的内政部。支持者们喊道："烈士们的鲜血不会白流。"
Islamist parties have won Tunisia and Morocco and are poised to do well in July 7 parliamentary elections in Libya, imposing a political order that western governments are still learning to adapt to.
伊斯兰政党在突尼斯和摩洛哥赢得了选举，而且极有可能在利比亚7月7日的议会选举中表现不错，西方国家的政府仍在学着适应这样的政治秩序。
Although nervous about the empowerment of Islamists, many governments around the world quickly offered their congratulations and appeared relieved that the military council that has ruled Egypt since the ousting of Mr Mubarak did not tamper with the result.
尽管对伊斯兰教徒赢得选举感到不安，但许多国家的政府仍迅速表示了祝贺，并对自穆巴拉克下台以来统治埃及的军事委员会没有干预选举结果感到欣慰。
The US congratulated Mr Morsi but urged him to "advance national unity". Israel said that it appreciated the democratic process in Egypt and "respects its outcome".
美国对穆尔西表示了祝贺，但敦促他"推进国家团结"。以色列表示，它欣赏埃及的民主进程，并"尊重其结果"。
Egyptian stocks rose the most in more than four months before the announcement.
选举结果宣布之前，埃及股市大幅飙升，创出4个多月来的最大涨幅。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
Europe’s leading bitcoin exchange, Bitstamp, has been forced to suspend operations after losing millions of dollars worth of the virtual currency due to an apparent hack, an incident that is likely to fuel concerns about security issues surrounding the nascent bitcoin industry.
欧洲领先比特币交易所Bitstamp因一次明显的黑客攻击丢失了价值数百万美元的比特币，此后该所被迫停止交易，这一黑客事件可能会引发外界对这个新兴行业安全问题的担忧。
Bitstamp, based in Slovenia and the UK, has halted withdrawals and advised customers not to make deposits following the security breach.
Bitstamp总部位于斯洛文尼亚和英国。在出现安全漏洞后，该公司已暂停比特币提取，并建议客户不要再往旧地址存款。
Bitstamp, considered the world’s third busiest exchange, said that less than 19,000 bitcoins — worth around $5m — had been lost after its “operational wallets” were compromised.
Bitstamp表示，在其“运营钱包”遭到破坏后，不到1.9万枚比特币（价值约500万美元）丢失。该公司被视为全球最忙碌的第三大比特币交易所。
However, it said that the vast majority of its reserves remained untouched as they are held in “cold storage”, meaning they are held on computers not connected to the internet and thus away from the reach of cyber attackers.
然而，该公司表示，其存储的大多数比特币仍然是安全的，它们被存放在“冷存储器”中，这意味着，这些比特币存放在没有连接互联网的电脑上，因此不会被网络攻击者盗取。
In a statement, it said: “Bitcoin customers can rest assured that their Bitcoins held with us prior to temporary suspension of services . . . are completely safe and will be honoured in full.”
Bitstamp在声明中表示：“比特币客户可以放心，他们在暂停服务之前存放在我们这里的比特币……完全安全，而且将全额兑现。”
Around a year ago, the then largest bitcoin exchange, Mt Gox, collapsed after being targeted by hackers. The Japan-based group lost around 850,000 bitcoin, worth close to $450m.
大约一年前，当时最大的比特币交易所Mt Gox因遭受黑客攻击而破产。这家总部位于日本的公司丢失了大约85万枚比特币，价值近4.50亿美元。
Ongoing concerns about whether ordinary users can trade safely in Bitcoin have led to a steady fall in the price of the cryptocurrency.
人们仍对普通用户能否安全交易比特币感到担心，这导致比特币价格稳步下跌。
At its peak, bitcoin traded for $1,240 on the Mt Gox exchange. According to Coindesk, the bitcoin news site, the price is currently around $275.
在峰值时期，在Mt Gox交易所的比特币价格曾高达1240美元。根据比特币新闻网站Coindesk的数据，目前的价格为275美元左右。
Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds hop into an awaiting car early Saturday morning (October 22) in Boston.
布莱克·莱弗利和瑞安·雷诺兹在早前周六（10月22日）早晨钻进波士顿等候在路边的一辆车里。
The 24-year-old actress, carrying her dog Penny, tried to keep a low profile in a hat while leaving Ryan's apartment.
24岁的女演员布莱克抱着爱犬Penny，把帽檐压得很低，想相当低调的和瑞安一起离开他的住所。
Earlier in the week, the Green Lantern co-stars enjoyed a night out with Sandra Bullock at NYC's The Box.
本周早些时候，在电影《绿灯侠》里合作过的他们就被人发现一起出现在纽约夜店The Box。
The trio, along with a group of pals, "had a great time and stayed late" while celebrating Ryan's 35th birthday, a source told the NY Post.
知情人透露给《纽约邮报》说，他们一群人“玩得很高兴，当晚很晚才散。”
"Blake and Ryan were sitting downstairs holding hands and had bodyguards with them. They left together at around 2:15 a.m.," the source added.
“布莱克和瑞安坐在楼下，手牵着手，身边还有保镖。他们大概是在凌晨2点15的时候一起离开的。”知情人士说。
201110/158608.shtmlOn Saturday night, Beyoncé and Jay-Z made a rare public appearance together at the second annual Wearable Art Gala in Los Angeles.
上周六晚上，碧昂丝和Jay-Z在洛杉矶的第二届年度Wearable Art Gala上极其罕见地同框了。
The extravagant bash, hosted by Beyoncé's mother Tina Knowles Lawson and Richard Lawson, benefits the WACO (Where Art Can Occur) Theater Center, providing teen mentorship programs and a place where individuals are encouraged to use their self-expression through theater and art.
由碧昂丝的母亲蒂娜·诺尔斯·劳森和理查德·劳森主办的奢侈的狂欢会，给韦科(艺术会的举办地)的戏剧中心带来了好处，它为青少年提供辅导计划，并鼓励个人通过戏剧和艺术在该中心表达自己的情感。
The evening was also a family affair.
这个晚会也是一个家宴。
Beyoncé and Jay-Z brought their daughter Blue Ivy Carter to the event, where Beyoncé and Jay-Z's mom Gloria Carter were being honored for their humanitarian work.
碧昂丝和Jay-Z把他们的女儿Blue Ivy Carter带去了晚会，晚会上碧昂丝和Jay-Z的母亲Gloria Carter因她们的慈善工作而受到表彰。
But despite the collective star power in the extended Knowles-Carter clan, six-year-old Blue who was the clear scene-stealer of the evening.
尽管这场庞大的家庭聚会众星云集，六岁的Blue却抢占了当晚的风头。
During the gala's live auction, led by Star Jones, Blue raised her paddle and bid $17,000 on an acrylic painting of a young Sidney Poitier.
在明星琼斯主持的现场拍卖会上，Blue举起了她的拍子，并以1.7万美元的价格竞拍了一位年轻的画家Sidney Poitier的丙烯画。
When the price went up, she made another bid at $19,000, but Jay-Z jokingly tried to snatch the paddle away from his daughter's hand to prevent higher bids.
当价格上涨时，她又出价19000美元，但Jay-Z搞笑地试图从他女儿手中抢走拍子，以阻止更高的出价。
Tyler Perry ended up taking home the portrait for $20,000.
Tyler Perry最终以2万美元的价格将这幅肖像画带回家。
The actress who kick-started the exposure of Hollywood moguls who allegedly exploited positions of power to abuse women has branded #MeToo campaigners against sex attackers 'losers'.
揭露好莱坞流氓的女星发起了MeToo行动，意在揭露高层性侵女性事件，表示性侵者都是“失败者”。
Rose McGowan accused producer Harvey Weinstein of rape this time last year, sparking an avalanche of allegations in the entertainment industry and beyond.
去年此时，罗丝·麦高恩以强奸罪控告制作人哈维·韦恩斯，在娱乐圈引发轩然大波，众多控告纷至沓来。
As stars such as Kevin Spacey and Morgan Freeman were alleged to have assaulted or harassed performers, activists began using the hashtag to share their ordeals online.
凯文·史派西、摩根·弗里曼这样的明星也难逃一劫，被指控性侵演员，积极的网友在网上用标签分享各自的心路历程。
But McGowan has slammed the movement as 'bull****' in today's Sunday Times Magazine, which comes the day after Judge Brett Kavanaugh was sworn in as a Supreme Court justice in the face of historic sexual assault allegations he denies.
今日，麦高恩在杂志Sunday Times Magazine上对性侵维权运动做出不雅评论，头一天布雷特·卡瓦诺法官刚在最高法院中宣誓就职，并于当天否认了性侵控告。
After year of stars such as Salma Hayek and Gwyneth Paltrow claiming to be vistims of harassment, McGowan has said she understands why Donald Trump supporters hate Hollywood, whose apparent liberalism she says is fake.
数年来，莎尔玛·海雅克和格温妮丝·帕特洛都是性侵的受害者，麦高恩表示，她明白特朗普的支持者都憎恨好莱坞，因为他们的自由主义都是假的。
On the subject of #MeToo, she said: 'I just think they're douche bags. They're not champions. I just think they're losers. I don't like them.
提到MeToo行动，麦高恩说：“他们都是混蛋，不是冠军，一群失败者，我不喜欢他们。”
'How do I explain the fact that I got a GQ Man of the Year award and no women's magazines and no women's organisations have supported me?
“我都不知道要怎么解释拿了年度风云人物奖之后，还是没有女性杂志和组织支持我的事。”
'It's all bullshit. It's a lie. It's a Band-Aid lie to make them feel better. I know these people, I know they're lily-livered, and as long as it looks good on the surface, to them, that's enough.'
“狗屎。都在说谎，都是权宜之计，他们不过是想让自己好受些，我知道这些人都是胆小鬼，只要表面上看起来能凑合，对他们来说这就够了。”
McGowan was born into the polygamous Children of God Cult and ran away from home in her teens.
麦高恩出生于多配偶制的邪教家庭，少年时离家出走。
She suffered anorexia while in an abusive relationship after she arrived in Los Angeles.
到达洛杉矶后在一段虐恋中遭受了厌食症。
The Death Proof star's early success was on the independent film circuit. But then she met Harvey Weinstein in a hotel room and it is there that she alleges he raped her.
麦高恩早年的成功依靠于发行独立电影，当时她在酒店房间遇到哈维·韦恩斯坦，就是在那间房里遭受了性侵。
The media mogul is accused of blacklisting the actress after the meeting as well as deploying former Mossad agents to follow her and steal her memoir's manuscript.
哈维·韦恩斯坦被指控此后将麦高恩列入了黑名单，同时雇佣莫萨德机构跟踪麦高恩，窃取她的纪念手稿。
McGowan has also hit out at Meryl Streep, saying that it is 'literally impossible' the actress knew nothing of Weinstein's sexual proclivities until last autumn.
麦高恩同时爆出梅丽尔·斯特里普），说梅丽尔去年秋天才知道韦恩斯坦性侵癖好这件事“根本不可能”。
Though she says 'women have a tight to be angry', McGowan says #MeToo activists have 'sold themselves a fiction' rather than face up to the true nature of Hollywood.
麦高恩说“让女性发怒还很难”，MeToo支持者“为自己编写了一部小说”，并没有直面好莱坞的本质。
When Tom Ravenscroft left Oxford university with a degree in econ-om-ics and management in 2007, he wanted to be a management consultant. He even had a job offer from Oliver Wyman, following an internship. “I had no career vision beyond going into business. It was a very hazy concept,” he says.
当汤姆?雷文斯克罗夫特(Tom Ravenscroft)在2007年拿到经济与管理学位离开牛津大学(Oxford)的时候，他希望当一名管理顾问。而且他也在实习后收到了奥纬咨询(Oliver Wyman)的录用通知。他说：“除了进入商界，我对从事什么职业没有任何想法，职业在那时候还是一个非常模糊的概念。”
At the last minute he opted instead for Teach First, the educational charity that has become the UK’s biggest recruiter of new graduates. Rather than parachuting into companies that needed restructuring, Mr Ravenscroft started teaching business and economics at Cardinal Pole School, which serves 11-19 year old boys and girls in Hackney, east London.
他在最后一刻选择了教育慈善机构Teach First，后者如今已经成为英国招聘新毕业生最多的机构。雷文斯克罗夫特没有空降至需要重组的公司，而是开始在波尔主教学校(Cardinal Pole School)教授商业和经济学，该校主要招收伦敦东部哈克尼区(Hackney)11岁至19岁之间的青少年。
His strategic shift away from corporate strategy was in spite of the fact that his own school had deterred him from making a career in education, even though he had worked as a private tutor.
他做出了不从事企业战略工作的战略性转变，尽管他自己的学校曾经建议他别从事教育方面的职业，虽然他担任过私人教师。
“I thought teaching wasn’t a proper career option. My teacher said I’d need to have a high boredom threshold if I wanted to become a teacher,” he recalls.
他回忆称：“我曾认为教书不是一个合适的职业选择。我的老师告诉我，如果我想当一名老师，就得有很强的忍耐力，不能轻易感到厌倦。”
That Teach First was able to overcome such conditioning is testament to the power of a scheme that has become both a rival to UK private sector recruiters and a finishing school for them.
在Teach First当老师能够不受此类条件束缚，体现了该项目的优势——该机构不仅是英国私营部门招聘企业的竞争对手，也成了它们的一所精修学校。
Funded partly by firms and companies, the charity places top graduates in schools serving low-income communities for at least two years, knowing full well that many of them will leave the profession at the end of this period.
部分在企业界的资助下，该机构将一流毕业生派到面向低收入社区的学校至少两年时间，而且也完全知道，其中许多人将会在这一时期结束后不再从事教学工作。
What Mr Ravenscroft liked about it when he was choosing his graduate career path was that it of-fered the best of two worlds. He would be fast-tracked into the classroom, earning a salary, being mentored by an executive from the private sector and making contacts with business; in return, he would commit to teaching for two years and complete a teacher training qualification.
在选择毕业后的职业道路的时候，雷文斯克罗夫特青睐Teach First的原因是，它兼具两个世界的好处。他能够快速当上教师，领取薪水，接受私人部门高管的指导，并与企业接触；相应地，他将承诺任教两年，完成教师资格培训认证。
The reality turned out to be tougher than he imagined. “I saw it as a two-year opportunity,” says Mr Ravenscroft. “The grinding reality is that it’s a slog.” Moreover, his mentor worked at Lehman Brothers, the bank that collapsed in 2008. “It wasn’t quite as long a mentoring relationship as I’d hoped,” he laughs.
但现实远比他想象的艰难。雷文斯克罗夫特表示：“我曾以为这就是一个机会，要花掉两年，但现实是严峻的，因为这活不好干。”此外，他的导师在雷曼兄弟(Lehman Brothers)工作，这家银行于2008年破产。他大笑着说：“这段指导关系持续的时间没有我希望的那么长。”
Mr Ravenscroft ended up leaving teaching to found Enabling Enterprise, a body that seeks to bridge the gulf between schools and business by taking pupils out of the classroom and giving them practical projects and visits to businesses, including UBS, the bank, and Freshfields, the law firm.
雷文斯克罗夫特最终不再从事教学工作，他创办了Enabling Enterprise，这是一家寻求减轻学校和企业脱节现象的机构，它让学生走出教室，从事实践项目并实地探访包括瑞银(UBS)和富而德律所(Freshfields)在内的企业。
But he sees his time in the classroom as invaluable, crediting it with having given him a resilience that he now draws on in the latest phase of his career.
但他认为自己任教的经历非常宝贵，可以让他很快适应新的职业阶段。
When it was set up in 2002, Teach First’s aim was to encourage more graduates to try teach-ing. Amid worries that the best brains in the country were being lured into the City of London, accountancy and law, the idea was to tap some of their brain power for state schools, in an attempt to tackle educational inequality.
Teach First在2002年创立之初的目标是鼓励更多的毕业生尝试教学。由于担心该国最优秀的人才都被吸引至伦敦金融城、会计和法律行业，它希望为公立学校培养一些人才，以解决教育不平等问题。
Since then, Teach First has put 5,000 graduates into schools, working with more than 1m pupils in low-income areas, helping to raise standards in classrooms, particularly London.
Teach First自成立以来将5000名毕业生送入学校任教，与低收入地区的逾100万学生合作，帮助提高了教学质量，尤其是伦敦地区的教学质量。
Recruits are expected to have a decent degree result — a 2.1 or above. While academic credentials are important, Teach First also looks for personal skills such as humility, respect and empathy. Applications to join the scheme outnumber the places available by seven to one.
新职员有望获得一个体面的成绩单——2.1甚至更高。尽管学历证书很重要，但Teach First也希望培养谦逊、尊敬他人和同理心等个人品质。该项目的申请数量是可提供职位的7倍。
The advantages for schools seem clear: they enjoy the benefits of bright graduates who would otherwise have gone straight into consulting.
学校获得的好处似乎显而易见：它们有了优秀的毕业生任教，否则这些学生将会直接进入咨询行业。
The collaboration with business is important, adds Teach First, not just for the funding but to help schools equip students with more of the skills required by modern employers.
Teach First补充称，与企业的合作非常重要，这不仅是因为资金问题，还因为这能帮助学校让学生掌握现代雇主所需要的更多技巧。
Tony Moloney, head of education and skills at National Grid, says the UK utility’s involvement is part of its broader strategy to encourage school students to study Stem subjects — science, technology, engineering and mathematics — and learn more about jobs in his sector.
英国国家电网(National Grid)的教育和技能主管托尼?莫洛尼(Tony Moloney)表示，参与该项目是国家电网旨在鼓励学校学生学习STEM科目（科学，技术、工程和数学）以及熟悉本领域工作的总体计划的一部分。
Of the graduates to have been through the scheme, 42 per cent have not persisted with teaching. But Teach First says even those who have left the profession remain loyal to the programme’s values.
在完成该项目的毕业生当中，42%没有继续从事教学工作。但Teach First表示，即便是那些离开教学领域的人也依然认可该项目的价值。
According to a 2014 survey it conducted, 86 per cent of respondents who finished the two years said they were taking action to end educational in-equality through their work and 65 per cent outside of their work.
该机构在2014年的一项调查显示，在完成两年教学的受访者当中，86%表示他们通过自己的工作为改变教育不平等采取了行动，65%表示在工作以外采取了行动。
“Teach Firsters” are highly desirable for recruiters, says Claire Burton, head of corporate responsibility at the UK arm of Deloitte, the accountant and consultant, bec-ause they are good at working in teams and are strong leaders.
会计和咨询机构德勤(Deloitte)英国分公司的企业责任主管克莱尔?伯顿(Claire Burton)表示，Teach First出来的人很受招聘人员的欢迎，因为他们擅长团队合作，有很强的领导能力。
Moreover, as some of the firm’s business involves advising the government on education, such recruits’ expertise is invaluable.
此外，由于该机构的一些业务涉及为政府提供教育方面的建议，此类员工的专长是很宝贵的。
Another positive of the scheme is that it encourages professional flexibility, preparing the young for the career zigging and zagging that might be necessary in the modern world of work.
该项目的另一个好处在于，它鼓励了职业灵活性，让年轻人对曲折的职业道路有所准备，而后者可能在现代职场中是必不可少的。
Gunal Youssouf, 23, is a Teach Firster who has joined the UK arm of PwC’s management consultancy graduate scheme. She says the two-year program-me gave her a chance to taste teaching without the cost of studying for a traditional qualification.
23岁的古纳尔?优素福(Gunal Youssouf)是Teach First人，她加入了普华永道(PwC)英国分公司的管理咨询毕业生项目。优素福表示，在Teach First的两年让她有机会在不用花钱攻读传统资格证书的情况下尝试教学工作。
Equally, a three-week interning stint at PwC in the school summer holidays gave her the chance to sample life in a professional services firm. “I didn’t think I would get a place on [PwC’s programme] as I had no business experience,” she says.
同样，学校暑假期间在普华永道的一个为期3周的实习职位让她有机会体验在一家专业服务公司的生活。她说：“我曾经以为自己参加不了（普华永道项目），因为我没有工作经验。”
Businesses can benefit in other ways too. Craig Rollason, business analysis manager at National Grid, says he has improved his coaching skills by mentoring a Teach Firster.
企业也在其他方面受益。英国国家电网公司的业务分析经理克雷格?罗拉森(Craig Rollason)表示，他通过指导一位Teach Firste人提高了自己的指导技巧。
Andrew Bargery, campus and schools engagement leader at PwC, says Teach First graduates stand out: “They have already worked in a professional envir-onment and have professional maturity and are good at building relationships.”
普华永道的校园和学校雇佣主管安德鲁?巴杰里(Andrew Bargery)表示，Teach First的毕业生出类拔萃：“他们已经在专业环境下工作过，拥有专业成熟度，并擅长交际。”
However, one lawyer, who prefers to remain anonymous, says Teach Firsters’ prior experience and autonomy in a classroom can mean they feel frustrated starting at the bottom of an organisation’s ladder again.
然而，一位要求匿名的律师表示，Teach First人从事教学工作获得的经验和自主能力可能意味着，他们会对再次从一家机构的底层做起感到沮丧。
Mr Ravenscroft believes he would have had a narrower perspective if he had become a management consultant. Teaching also helped him develop a willingness to take risks — the hard way. “If you stand in front of 30 teenagers who won’t hold back when you’re doing something wrong it makes you willing to try things.”
雷文斯克罗夫特认为，如果他成为一名管理顾问，他的视野可能会相对狭窄。教学工作也有助于他变得愿意承担风险——这来之不易。“如果你曾站在30名会毫不犹豫地指出你的错误的青少年面前讲课，这种体验可能会让你变得愿意去尝试。”
Capsized ship righted
'东方之星'船体完全扶正
One side of the capsized Eastern Star was rolled above water at 7:30 am Friday, as rescuers worked through the night to right the upturned ship in the Yangtze River. The side that has emerged shows "Eastern Star" in Chinese character on the hull.
经过救援人员一夜的船体扶正工作，5日7时30分，在长江倾覆的"东方之星"船体已侧翻过来，露出水面的船体写着"东方之星"四个汉字。
CCTV reported Friday morning that teams would still try to lift the vessel.
据央视5日清晨报道，救援队将继续船体起吊工作。
Transport Ministry spokesman Xu Chengguang told a news conference that no further signs of life had been found and the chance of finding anyone else alive was "very slim."
交通运输部新闻发言人徐成光通报称，未发现更多生命迹象，搜寻到生还者的希望"非常渺茫"。
Xu said at a press conference that by 10:20 am, 97 bodies have been retrieved.
徐成光在新闻发布会上表示，截至上午10时20分，已打捞出97具遗体。
Security questions risks
'安全提示问题'并不安全
Researchers at Google discovered that security questions as a standalone method for recovering access to accounts is not an efficient model.
谷歌研究员发现，用安全性问题作为恢复账号登录的唯一方式，并不是那么有效。
The study relied on a dataset of hundreds of millions of secret answers and millions of account recovery requests.
该研究基于数亿个安全问题的答案以及数百万条恢复账号登录的请求。
If the user set up a truthful answer, according to statistics provided by the researchers, in 19.7% of the cases, an attacker would need a single try to guess the correct answer to the question "What is your favorite food?" in the case of American users.
根据研究者提供的数据，如果用户设置了真实答案，美国用户设置的"你最喜欢的食物"只需1次尝试就能成功破译的概率是19.7%；
With 10 guesses, an attacker would have a 39% chance of guessing Korean-speaking users' answers to the question "What is your city of birth?"
韩语用户设置的"你的出生地"猜10次就能成功破译的概率是39%。
As per their findings, the recovery mechanism based on reset SMS codes recorded a success rate of 81%, while the method relying on backup emails proved to be efficient in 75% of the cases.
研究显示，通过短信获取重置码、备选邮箱来恢复登陆的有效性分别为81%、75%。
China's rich seek own islands
中国富人正在寻找属于自己的岛
Wealthy Chinese are showing growing interest in islands in recent years.
中国富人近年来对岛屿表现出越来越浓厚的兴趣。
There are at least 600 island owners in China, Lin Dong, founder of the China Island Owners Association, estimates.
据中国岛主联盟发起者林东估计，目前中国至少有600名岛主。
Most of these islands were owned by corporations planning tourism, but also by individuals who built private clubhouses to entertain friends.
大部分岛主为意在开发旅游业的企业，但也有私人岛主，他们买岛则是为了在岛上建私人会所招待朋友。
Islands in China come with many restrictions on their use and just 50 years of ownership.
中国对岛屿的使用有诸多限制，而且仅出让50年产权。
But most overseas islands are sold as freehold properties.
但大部分海外岛屿则会出售永久产权。
Wealthy Chinese bought at least seven overseas islands in 2014.
中国富人2014年在海外购买了至少7块小岛。
Sandy has caused large-scale damage, with more possibly to come.
桑迪已经造成大规模损害，很可能带来更多灾害。
Floodwaters surround homes near the Mantoloking Bridge the morning after Sandy hit Mantoloking, New Jersey.
在桑迪飓风登陆新泽西Mantoloking之后的早晨，洪水包围了Mantoloking大桥附件的房屋。
At a minimum, it is impossible for most people to get to work in the city, which affects the locus of several industries, including finance, advertising, healthcare and the arts. The city's transportation lines, bridges, and tunnels were shut down for nearly two days, and at the latest report, the subways may be down well into next week.
至少在城市大部分人能去上班是不可能的，这将影响多个行业，包括金融、广告、医疗保健和艺术。近两天城市的交通线路、桥梁、隧道都瘫痪了，在最新的报告中，地铁到下周可能会正常运作。
A fallen tree blocks a street in Washington, DC, on Tuesday.
周二在华盛顿DC倒下的大树把一条街拦住了。
People walk in the rain along the swollen Potomac River in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington, DC, on Tuesday.
周二在华盛顿DC的乔治市附近，人们沿着被淹的波托马克河在雨中漫步。
Traffic was halted along Interstate 68 in Frostburg, Maryland on Tuesday. Wet snow and high winds spinning off the edge of superstorm Sandy spread blizzard conditions over parts of West Virginia and neighboring Appalachian states.
周二在马里兰的弗罗斯特堡沿着68号州际公路的交通瘫痪了。飓风桑迪带来的湿雪以及大风横扫西弗吉尼亚和邻近的阿巴拉契亚州部分地区并引发恶劣天气。
A person walks through snow Tuesday in Belington, West Virginia. Superstorm Sandy buried parts of West Virginia under more than a foot of snow on Tuesday.
周二在西弗吉尼亚州的贝灵顿一个人在雪地里行走。星期二飓风桑迪使得西弗吉尼亚州的部分地区被超过一英尺的雪所覆盖。
? Dozens were killed, hundreds of miles of coastline were flooded and New York City's infrastructure was dealt a massive blow as the super-storm Sandy moved through the mid-Atlantic states on Monday night and into Tuesday. Millions of people were left without power.
?随着飓风桑迪在周一晚上到周二转移到大西洋中部各州，数十人死亡、数百英里的海岸线被淹没以及纽约市的基础设施遭受了巨大打击。数以百万计的人被置于停电的境况下。
? Ten of a reported 33 fatalities occured in New York City, and that number was expected to rise, according to Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Deaths in New York were attributed to falling trees, electrocution and drowning.
?根据市长迈克尔?布隆伯格，报道的33个事故有10个发生在纽约，数字还有望上升。纽约的死亡是由于倒下的树木、电击和溺水。
? President Obama declared a "major disaster" in New York and New Jersey. Flooding devastated the coast and more than 2.3 million lost power. The National Guard rescued hundreds from flooding in New Jersey. The governor, Chris Christie, a Republican, said the damage was "unthinkable". He praised the "outstanding" co-operation he had received from Obama.
?奥巴马总统在纽约和新泽西宣布一场“大灾难”。洪水摧毁了海岸和超过230万人失去了电。在新泽西国家警卫队从洪水中救出数百人。州长克里斯?克里斯蒂，共和党人，说这次损失是“无法想象的”。他赞扬了从奥巴马那收到的“突出”配合。
? The transport infrastructure in New York City has been dealt a huge blow. Many of the city's subway tunnels are flooded.
?在纽约的交通基础设施遭受巨大的打击。许多城市的地铁隧道被淹没。
? The failure of a backup generator forced the evacuation of the Langone Medical Center, part of NYU hospital. About 200 patients had to be moved. Officials are investigating why the backup power failed.
?备用发电机的失败使得纽约大学医院分部的Langone医学中心被迫撤离。大约200名病人被迫转移。官员们正在调查备用电源失败的原因。
? Heavy snow has fallen in West Virginia, with up to 17 inches in Webster Springs. The National Weather Service has warned that more is on the way.
?大雪已经降落在西弗吉尼亚州，在韦伯斯特斯普林斯雪的厚度达到17英寸。国家气象局警告说更多的雪还在路上。
? Aid workers are worried about a food crisis in Haiti, where Hurricane Sandy killed 52 people last week. The UN is also concerned that flooding could lead to a sharp rise in cholera cases. At least 69 people were killed by Sandy in the Caribbean.
?援助工人担心在海地的粮食危机，上周那里飓风桑迪造成了52人死亡。联合国也担心洪灾可能导致霍乱病例急剧上升。在加勒比海桑迪造成至少69人遇难。
Barack Obama went on the offensive over foreign policy in the third and final presidential debate, repeatedly accusing Mitt Romney of flip-flopping on major international issues but failing to deliver a killer blow to his opponent's resurgent campaign.
在第三场也是最后一场总统候选人辩论中，奥巴马就外交政策发起攻势，一再指责罗姆尼在重大国际问题上的立场不坚定，但未能给他对手迅速崛起的竞选活动一个致命打击。
While the president emerged as the narrow winner on the night, the encounter, which was cordial and largely uneventful compared with the previous two debates, is unlikely to have much impact on the outcome of the election.
虽然总统那晚险胜，此次相逢与前两次辩论相比是诚恳且基本上平安无事的，不太可能对选举结果产生多大的影响。
Going into the debate at Lynn University in Boca Raton, Florida, Obama had an inbuilt advantage on foreign policy and security. As president, with access to daily briefings by intelligence analysts, diplomats and generals, he is better briefed and it showed as he dominated Romney in the first half of the debate.
在佛罗里达州博卡拉顿林恩大学的辩论，在外交政策和安全上奥巴马有一个固有的优势。作为总统，能接触到情报分析员、外交官和将军的每日简报，他能更好的概括，好像在上半场的辩论中他支配着罗姆尼。
The Republican candidate appeared unsure at times and occasionally stumbled over his lines as if struggling to remember his briefing notes. He began sweating as Obama, aggressive from the start, got the better of him during exchanges on Iran, Iraq and Russia as well as on US military spending.
共和党候选人时常表现出不确定以及偶尔会忘了自己要说的，好像在试图记住他的简要笔记。当奥巴马从一开始就咄咄逼人时他开始出汗，在伊朗、伊拉克、俄罗斯以及美国的军费开支的交流中他才表现得更好。
On issue after issue, from Iranian sanctions to withdrawal from Afghanistan, there was little difference between his position and that of the administration, but Romney insisted he would have projected American strength more effectively.
一个问题接着一个问题，从伊朗制裁到从阿富汗撤军，他的位置和政府态度之间的差别不大，但罗姆尼坚持他将更有效地加强美国的力量。
While the debate was supposed to be solely about foreign policy, domestic concerns were never far from the surface and the candidates took every opportunity to pivot to their stump speech attacks over the economy and tax. The same was true in the spin room afterwards where both campaign teams dispensed quickly with debate comments and moved instead to analysis of the state of the race in swing states.
尽管辩论被认为是仅仅关于外交政策的，但国内关注从未远离表面，候选人抓住每一个机会围绕他们的竞选演说在经济和税收方面给予攻击。之后在旋转屋也是一样，两个竞选团队很快分配着辩论评论，同时转到摇摆州中的竞争状态分析。
Obama won the second to put himself back in the race. Although he also won the third, foreign policy is not a major concern for voters and it is unlikely to result in any major poll swings.
奥巴马赢得了第二场辩论挽回颓势。虽然他也赢得了第三场，外交政策并不是选民关注的主要问题，这不大可能导致较大的选票波动。
The exchanges revealed there is little major difference between the two in term of their approach to security and foreign affairs. On Iran both vowed it will not be allowed to have nuclear weapons. Rommey said he would introduce more stringent sanctions; Obama said they were already as stringent as they could possibly be.
此次交流显示，两人在长期的安全和外交事务的处理中他们并没有大的区别。在伊朗问题上他们都发誓不会允许其拥有核武器。 罗姆尼说他将出台更严厉的制裁，奥巴马说他们已经尽最大可能的严厉了。
The image of a smooth-talking, chain-smoking and sexist James Bond may be a thing of the past as the latest 007 novel gives him a politically-correct makeover.
由于最新一部007系列小说给詹姆斯·邦德（James Bond）进行了政治正确的大改造，能言善道、烟不离口、大男子主义的邦德形象可能将成为过去式。
Author Anthony Horowitz has revealed the new book Trigger Mortis has been amended for modern readers and contains anti-smoking messages and for the first time an ‘outspoken’ gay friend.
小说作者安东尼·赫洛维兹（Anthony Horowitz）透露，新书《Trigger Mortis》为现代读者作了改动，包含反对吸烟的信息，而且首次有一位“直言不讳”的同性恋朋友出场。
Horowitz admitted that while doing so he has had to work carefully to preserve 007's characters and attitude as created by the spy novel’s first author Ian Fleming, who died in 1964.
赫洛维兹承认，他这样做时不得不小心翼翼，以保存这部间谍小说的首位作者伊恩·弗莱明（Ian Fleming）所创造的007的个性和态度。弗莱明于1964年逝世。
As the younger generation begins to frown on Bond’s chauvinistic attitudes and unhealthy lifestyle in the era of political correctness, Horowitz has introduced a cast of new characters who will point out the error of his ways.
在这个力求避免任何歧视的态度的年代，年轻一代开始不满邦德的大男子主义态度和不健康的生活方式，因此赫洛维兹引入了一系列会指出邦德错误的新人物。
Included will be messages about smoking causing cancer and women who give the charmer a run for his money as 'little twists' have been added to make the story suitable for the modern reader.
为了让故事更符合现代读者的口味，新作加入了一些“小花样”，包括吸烟会导致癌症的广告词以及一位跟邦德不相上下的女性。
For the first time a Bond girl’s storyline will be followed beyond her fleeting experience with 007, with the return of Pussy Galore.
普斯·格洛（Pussy Galore）在本书中回归，这也是首次有邦女郎在邦德身边昙花一现后，拥有了自己的故事线。
In the book, Galore moves in with Bond in London and together they spend their mornings squabbling.
在小说中，格洛搬来与邦德在伦敦同居，并在争吵中一起度过早晨时光。
Horowitz, speaking to radio station RTE, said he was keen to keep the new Bond true to the 1950s creation.
赫洛维兹对爱尔兰广播公司RTE表示，他的新邦德形象强烈忠于50年代的邦德。
He added that there was an unavoidable issue with the original plot, because Pussy Galore was cast as a lesbian who cannot help but be overcome with lust for Bond.
他补充说，原本的故事情节里有个无法回避的问题，因为格洛本来的设定是个深陷对邦德的欲望而无法自拔的女同性恋。
'The book is true to the character and keeps him as fans would want him, which is as the original hard-bitten guy,' he said.
他说：“小说忠于邦德的人物形象，邦德还是粉丝喜欢的、那个最初的硬汉邦德。”
'But then it always challenges and nudges and says "well wait a minute".
“但书中又总是有人质疑他、说服他、跟他说‘慢着’。”
'One of the challenges of writing the book was that attitude that a heterosexual man can change a woman's life and make her go weak at the knees.
“写这本书的一大挑战是异性恋男人能改变一个女人的生活并使她死心塌地的看法。”
'That's something that would be challenged, I think, in the 21st century.
“我想，在21世纪，人们绝对会质疑这件事。”
'So it's how do you square that circle? How do you remain true to the original creation and concept and yet at the same time not offend people in the 21st century?
“所以问题在于你如何将不可能化为可能？如何保证既忠于原始人物和设定，同时不冒犯21世纪的读者？
'If you read Trigger Mortis, you’ll see actually there is a little twist to the tale in that particular story which I think sort of pays him off for his slightly patronising attitude.'
“如果你读了这本书，你就会发现，在这个故事里有个小插曲，我想那在某种程度上报复了邦德有些傲慢的态度。”
Explaining how he adjusted the novel, he said: 'I think the answer is that in the book I remain true to every one of Bond's things.
在解释他如何改动小说时，赫洛维兹说：“我想答案是在书中忠实于邦德的全部特征。”
'He does smoke cigarettes, he smokes many, many cigarettes.
“他还是抽雪茄的，他抽很多、很多雪茄。”
'But then what I do is I nudge him with a little reference to a newspaper article he happens to glance at which just reminds him that these things will give him cancer.
“但我让他在碰巧看了一眼报纸时，看到上面一篇文章提醒他吸烟会致癌。
'With women, he has this sort of patronising carnal attitude with them which is absolutely accurate to the Bond of the books. But then by creating very strong women he is given quite a run for his money and his attitudes are challenged.
“邦德对待女人的态度是那种高高在上的、肉欲的，这完全符合007系列小说中邦德的形象。但我创作出十分强势的女人，与他难分伯仲地竞争，他的看法由此受到挑战。
'I also gave him a very outspoken gay friend, who chides him and says "come on Bond, you're living in the 20th century now not the Middle Ages".
“我还给了他一个直言不讳的同性恋朋友，他会责备邦德，说：‘拜托，邦德，你是生活在20世纪，不是中世纪。’”
'My first duty, my first responsibility was to be true to the original feel of the book, to be true to Ian Fleming: his creation, his world and his ideas.
“我首要的使命、首要的责任是忠实于这本书的原始感觉，忠实于伊恩·弗莱明：他的作品、他的世界和他的构想。
'What I was trying to do was wrap myself in his mantle and write a book that would be worthy of him.'
“我试图做到的是继承他的衣钵，写一本典型的伊恩·弗莱明式的007小说。”
Trigger Mortis was released on September 8, ahead of the release of the latest Bond film Spectre which is out in cinemas on October 26.
《Trigger Mortis》于9月8日发行，先于10月26日上映的007新电影《（幽灵党（暂译）》（Spectre）。
James Bond is one of the few constants that movie lovers have in this crazy world of ours. We seem to know that, no matter what, a new Bond movie is always on the way.
在这个风云变幻的世界，詹姆斯·邦德俘获了不少铁杆粉丝，是至今为数不多的仍在续拍的电影之一。在人们的意识里，无论发生什么事情，新的007电影依然会拍下去。
The history of James Bond theme songs isn't quite as long as some might suspect, however. The first two films in the series – Dr. No and From Russia With Love – didn't have opening songs, they had orchestral arrangements. Dr. No even segued into a weird rendition of "Three Blind Mice." Later on, On Her Majesty's Secret Service gave the opening number amiss and snuck its theme song into the middle and end of the movie.
然而，007系列电影主题曲却并没有人们想象的那么历史悠久。第一部《诺博士》和第二部《俄罗斯之恋》没有开场曲，而是安排了管弦乐。《诺博士》甚至插入了《三只瞎老鼠》的怪异演奏。随后，《女王密使》才开始有了开场曲，并且在影片的中间和结尾插入了主题曲。
These are the official James Bond theme songs, ranked from worst to best, with two honorable mentions because they may or may not count, but were just that good, dang it.
以下将007系列电影官方主题曲按受欢迎程度由低到高进行排序。其中还荣誉推荐了两首有可能不属于官方歌曲的曲子。它们一样很好听。
James Bond Themes Honorable Mention: "We Have All The Time in the World" by Louis Armstrong
007系列电影荣誉主题曲之一：路易斯·阿姆斯特朗--《我们拥有世界上的所有时间》
On Her Majesty's Secret Service gets an honorable mention on our list of James Bond Theme songs.
在007电影主题曲榜单上，《女王密使》的主题曲获得荣誉推荐。
One of the best James Bond theme songs wasn't actually played over the opening credits, so we're giving it our first honorable mention. This enormously romantic song from On Her Majesty's Secret Service is one of the few James Bond themes that helps tell the story of the film, in which our hero finally meets the love of his life. (Alas, it was short-lived.) Satchmo warbles his trademark warble, our hearts melt, and a classic is born.
这是007系列电影最佳主题曲之一，但实际上并没有在片头演奏，所以我们把它放在荣誉推荐的第一位。这首浪漫的曲子呼应了电影情节的发展，最终詹姆斯·邦德遇到了真爱。（可惜他们的恋情维持不久便结束了。）路易斯·阿姆斯特朗运用了他标志性的颤音，听者心弦颤动，一个经典诞生了。
James Bond Themes Honorable Mention: "Surrender" by K.D. Lang
007系列电影荣誉主题曲之二：凯蒂·朗--《屈服》
Tomorrow Never Dies gets the other honorable mention on our James Bond theme song list.
本榜单另一个荣誉推荐的是《明日帝国》的主题曲。
Originally intended for the opening credits of Tomorrow Never Dies, and then for some reason relegated to the closing credits, K.D. Lang's "Surrender" is silken and cool. The horn sections are sassy and powerful. It's one of the best James Bond theme songs, and it's not even officially a James Bond theme song. And it's a heck of a lot better than the official theme the movie finally got.
《屈服》原本打算用作片头曲，后来出于种种考虑作为片尾曲。这首歌曲总体来说温柔清新，但是管乐部分却大气磅礴。这是007系列电影主题曲中最出色的曲子之一，但并不是官方主题曲。它甚至比《明日帝国》最终选定的官方主题曲好听得多。
James Bond Themes 10. "Diamonds Are Forever" by Shirley Bassey
007系列电影主题曲第十名：雪莉·巴赛--《永远的钻石》
The second-best song that Shirley Bassey performed for the James Bond franchise is still one of the best. For a series that, on some level, has always been about wish fulfillment, listening to one of the great singers belt powerful notes about avarice seems just about right. So say what you will about the film (it's not on many of the lists of James Bond's best), but Bassey had good material here and she knocked it out of the park.
雪莉·巴赛为007系列电影演唱了两首名曲，这是其中之一。从某种程度上来说，007系列电影一直讲述的是心愿达成的故事。观众在享受剧情的同时，耳旁听着最棒的歌手用强有力的声音唱着关于贪欲的歌词，真是恰到好处。所以无论你对这部电影抱有何种看法（尽管这不是007系列最佳电影之一），巴赛拥有上好的素材，创作了让人眼前一亮的歌曲。
James Bond Themes 9. "The Man with the Golden Gun" by Lulu
007系列电影主题曲第九名：露露--《金枪人》
Not a lot of Bond villains get their own theme song, but Christopher Lee's assassin from The Man with the Golden Gun gets a flashy, catchy, groovy tune that makes him seem cool as hell. (And of course, he is.) Lulu completely sells the awesomeness of the villain Scaramanga, and although the song may seem almost ridiculously upbeat today, it only adds to the charm.
007电影中，反派人物往往没有自己的主题曲，但是《金枪人》中克里斯多弗·李扮演的暗杀者出场时有一段轻快动人的绝妙曲调，衬托出暗杀者如地狱使者般帅气冷酷。LuLu的演唱完全演绎出这个反派斯卡拉孟加的过人之处。即使这首歌在今天来说欢快得有点可笑，但这也增添了它的魅力。
James Bond Themes 8. "You Only Live Twice" by Nancy Sinatra
007系列电影主题曲第八名：南希·辛纳查--《你只能活两次》
Another love ballad for Bond, but if Nancy Sinatra's song from You Only Live Twice was playing at your orthodontist's office, it would be the sexiest orthodontist's office in town. There's a mysterious quality to the string section, and a playfulness to the declining notes. They combine to make something rather magical. From here on out all of the Bond songs on this list are bona fide classics.
这是007系列电影的另一首爱情歌曲。如果《雷霆谷》的这首主题曲在你的牙齿矫正医生办公室播放，那么这将是镇上最帅最性感的牙齿矫正医生的办公室。弦乐部分充满神秘感，降调充满趣味。这两者结合缔造了神奇。榜单从这开始往后所有的007电影主题曲都是真正的经典。
James Bond Themes 7. "Nobody Does It Better" by Carly Simon
007系列电影主题曲第七名：卡莉·西蒙--《没人做得更好》
Some would argue that Carly Simon's theme to The Spy Who Loved Me is the best James Bond theme song ever. They may have a point, but maybe what's really going on is that this is just "the best song from a James Bond movie." It's a fun tune, catchy as hell, romantic and beautifully sung. But nothing about this seems to specifically evoke James Bond, his adventures, his history or even his films. "Nobody Does It Better" is still a winner by any estimation; there's just happens to be a reason why it didn't crack our top five.
有人会认为卡莉·西蒙演唱的《海底城》的主题曲最好听。他们可能有自己的理由，可能是因为这是"邦德电影中最好听的歌曲"。曲调欢快、充满吸引力、浪漫抒情，卡莉西蒙的演唱打动人心。但是这些对詹姆斯·邦德、他的冒险旅程、他的来历甚至他的电影没有任何特殊引导作用。尽管《没人做得更好》被认为是一首好歌，但是由于上述原因它并没能进入榜单前五名。
James Bond Themes 6. "A View to a Kill" by Duran Duran
007系列电影主题曲第六名：杜兰·杜兰--《雷霆杀机》
A lot of the best James Bond theme songs sound like they belong in a lounge act. That's not a complaint, just an observation. For whatever reason, the English new wave act Duran Duran was given free reign to provide A View to a Kill with a new and exciting sound all its own. "A View to a Kill" was a hit song, and it probably would have been a success even without the James Bond connection. It's entertaining and cool and energetic, and it promises one hell of a good time. (Whether or not the movie actually lives up to that promise is a matter of some debate.)
许多邦德电影主题曲听起来像酒吧表演歌曲。这不是抱怨，仅仅只是观察。无论出于何种原因，英国热门乐团杜兰杜兰发挥自身才能，为电影《雷霆杀机》创作了这首歌。曲调新颖，振奋人心。《雷霆杀机》是一首即使不依靠邦德电影也能成功的主打歌曲。歌曲轻松愉悦、活力四射，暗含一段令人沉醉的美好时光。（至于电影是否恰如歌曲讲述的那样尚有争议。）
James Bond Themes 5. "Live and Let Die" by Paul McCartney and Wings
007系列电影主题曲第五名：保罗·麦卡特尼和Wings乐队--《生死关头》
Big and brassy! Paul McCartney (yes, yes, and also Wings) ushered in a new era of James Bond movies with the theme to Live and Let Die, sending the series careening into a 1970s musical sound as the franchise rebranded itself with a new leading man, Roger Moore. This is an almost maniacally excited song. The melody shifts and spirals and builds and sinks and hardly gives the listener a chance to get their bearings. It's a thrill.
保罗麦·卡特尼（是的，还有Wings乐队）凭着邦德电影《生死关头》的主题曲闯出了一片新天地。007系列电影做出了一些更换，灵魂人物邦德改由罗杰·摩尔出演，因此影片选取了20世纪70年代的音乐声作为主题曲。这是一首令人异常兴奋的歌，旋律变化无常、旋转跳跃、跌宕起伏，听众根本没有机会抓住歌曲要表达的东西，令人震撼。
James Bond Themes 4. "Thunderball" by Tom Jones
007系列电影主题曲第四名：汤姆·琼斯--《霹雳弹》
The lyrics are stupid, but who cares? Tom Jones sings like nobody's business, and pounds the theme to Thunderball out with a silky energy. It's powerful but alluring. This is the sort of song you imagine Bond would play on a jukebox when he's about to seduce you. There are better James Bond theme songs, but none from a male singer. Tom Jones and James Bond probably go out for dry martinis together all the time. They're the perfect pair.
歌词有点蠢，但是谁在乎呢？汤姆·琼斯自顾自的演唱，将《雷霆杀机》的主题曲以一种柔中带刚的方式演绎出来，充满力量而又蛊惑人心。你会觉得邦德在诱惑你的时候会在点唱机上点这样的歌。还有其他更好听的007电影主题曲，但是只有这首是由男歌手演唱。也许汤姆·琼斯经常会和詹姆斯·邦德一同出去喝干马丁尼。他们是最佳拍档。
James Bond Themes 3. "Skyfall" by Adele
007系列电影主题曲第三名：阿黛尔--《天降杀机》
It's almost TOO good. Soulful and aching and grand, Adele's theme to Skyfall is stunningly performed, and gives the distinct impression that someone tried to make the ultimate James Bond theme and had the talent to back it up. History and sensuousness have elevated two songs higher than Adele's contribution, at least in our eyes, but not by much.
这首歌简直太好听了。感情丰沛、大气磅礴，阿黛尔为《大破天幕杀机》演唱的主题曲令人拍案叫绝。这首歌让人们对詹姆斯·邦德留下了独特的印象，人们以后还能借由这首主题曲重拾对詹姆斯·邦德的记忆。尽管历史和原有的情感使其他两首歌的排名高于这首歌，但是至少在我们看来，阿黛尔的《天降杀机》和前两名相差无几。
James Bond Themes 2. "GoldenEye" by Tina Turner
007系列电影主题曲第二名：蒂娜·特纳--《黄金眼》
Bono and The Edge collaborated with Tina Turner on this, the sultriest James Bond song ever. This is a song sung by someone you will be attracted to, damn it, and for whom you would do just about anything. Tina Turner has more erotic confidence in one Golden eye theme than most of us will ever experience in our whole lifetimes. James Bond songs had never been this deliciously sweaty before. It's like pheromones set to music.
U2乐队主唱波诺、主吉他手"刀刃"和蒂娜·特纳联手合作，共同完成了这首最狂野的007电影主题曲。你会被这首歌的演唱者吸引，并且愿意为她做任何事情。在电影《黄金眼》的主题曲中，蒂娜·特纳在《黄金眼》里面所展现的性感是我们一生都无法企及的。007系列电影主题曲从未如此甜蜜性感，好似歌曲里注入了性激素。
James Bond Themes 1. "Goldfinger" by Shirley Bassey
007系列电影主题曲第一名：雪莉·巴赛--《金手指》
It was the first "real" James Bond song (again, the first two films only opened with orchestral music), and it's still the best. Shirley Bassey got an opportunity to sing her soul out and she accepted the challenge with obvious pleasure. This is a song that makes the villain Auric Goldfinger seem a lot more threatening (and attractive) than he actually is, but that's part of the miracle of Bassey's work here. It's proud and heroic and enticing and it's kind of a lie, but who cares? The music is pure James Bond, the lyrics are pure machismo, and the performance is perfect.
这是第一首真正意义上的007系列电影主题曲（再说一次，詹姆斯·邦德前两部电影开场只使用了管弦乐），至今仍然是最好的一首。雪莉·巴赛得到了唱出自己心声的机会，她很乐意接下这个挑战。这首歌增添了《金手指》中反派人物奥里克的危险性（还有吸引力），但这仅仅只是雪莉·巴赛歌曲魔力的一部分。詹姆斯·邦德傲慢自大、英雄主义、诱惑人心、虚幻迷离，但谁在乎啊？这首歌就是为詹姆斯·邦德所作，歌词充满男子气概，歌手的演唱简直完美。
Creditors have officially approved the MGM restructuring plan that will put Spyglass Entertainment in charge of the studio, getting it moving once again. MGM will no longer be a distributor, but a working studio, which now puts James Bond 23 on the auction block and closer to an actual start date. Here is the official announcement from MGM:
"Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. ('MGM') today announced that the secured lenders voting in the Company's solicitation process have overwhelmingly approved its proposed plan of reorganization ('Plan'). MGM will now move expeditiously to implement that Plan, which will dramatically reduce its debt load and put the Company in a strong position to execute its business strategy. MGM is appreciative of the lenders' support."
昔日影坛风光无限米高梅公司重组计划已获得批准，电影公司将由望远镜娱乐公司( Spyglass Entertainment )掌舵再次出发。而MGM也将不会在作为电影电影发行公司，而仅仅是一个制作公司。这使得第二十三部《007詹姆斯-邦德》电影问世日期更加具体化。
201011/117323.shtml
It has been speculated by varying sources that with MGM back up and running, Sony Entertainment, the company that distributed the last two 007 adventures Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace, will announce their take over of the franchise. Deadline, on the other hand, tend to believe that James Bond 23 may go to Paramount, as they have a very close relationship with Spyglass and are currently working with them to produce Star Trek 2.
据称，索尼影业极有可能负责新一集的电影的发行工作，之前，他们也负责了最近两部《007》电影的分销职责。与此同时，与望远镜娱乐关系交好的派拉蒙影业也有可能担当发行公司，目前，这两届公司正联手拍摄《星际迷航2》。
James Bond 23 may still be quite a ways away from actually happening, as star Daniel Craig is commited to three chapters in the Millennium Trilogy, starting with the currently in-production The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. There is currently no talk of hiring someone else to play James Bond, but if Craig is to reprise the role a third time, we still won't see James Bond 23 until 2014 at the earliest.
不过另一个因素也影响着最新一集《007》的计划，主演“詹姆斯-邦德”丹尼尔-克雷格全心投入于演出《千禧年三部曲》，而其中的《龙文身的女孩》正在紧张拍摄中。而目前电影公司也没有遴选新一任007的打算，若果丹尼尔三度出演这一角色，电影至少得等到2014年才能上映。
201011/117323.shtmlThe French actress will star alongside Ryan Gosling, Michael Fassbender and Natalie Portman.
这名法国女星将会和瑞恩·高斯林、迈克尔·法斯宾德、娜塔丽·波特曼共同出演新电影。
Skyfall Bond girl Berenice Marlohe has joined the all-star cast of Terrence Malick’s latest movie, which is in production in Austin.
在电影《007：大破天幕杀机》中饰演邦女郎的贝纳尼丝·玛尔洛（Berenice Marlohe），已经确认加盟导演特伦斯·马立克（TerrenceMalick）执导的最新电影作品，目前此影片正在奥斯汀进行拍摄。
The untitled movie revolves around two intersecting love triangles, obsession and betrayal, set against the music scene. It stars Christian Bale, Cate Blanchett, Michael Fassbender, Ryan Gosling, Rooney Mara and Natalie Portman.
在这部暂未定名的电影里面，两段交错的三角恋，偏执，背叛等元素与音乐场面相互映衬。参演此片的有克里斯蒂安·贝尔（ChristianBale）、凯特·布兰切特（Cate Blanchett）、迈克尔·法斯宾德（Michael Fassbender）、瑞恩·高斯林（RyanGosling）、鲁妮·玛拉（Rooney Mara）以及娜塔丽·波特曼（Natalie Portman.）。
The details of her character are being kept under wraps.
有关她在片中角色的细节尚未披露。
This is second major English-language role for the French actress, who co-stars opposite Daniel Craig in Skyfall as the enigmatic Severine. The movie opens Nov. 9 in North America but already is shattering records internationally.
继在电影《007：大破天幕杀机》中，和丹尼尔·克雷格（Daniel Craig）演对手戏，饰演神秘的塞芙琳（Severine）一角后，这名法国女星第二次挑战以英语为主要语言的角色。虽然电影《007：大破天幕杀机》在北美洲的公映时间是11月9号，但它已经在国际范围内开始向票房纪录发起进攻。
And while many Bond girls fade into acting obscurity or fall into second-class flicks after making a 007 splash, Marlohe and her agents at ICM Partners are making sure the actress surrounds herself with top-flight talent as she uses the Bond movie as a launching pad for an international career.
鉴于之前许多邦女郎在007电影中如昙花般一现，随后便星途黯淡，玛尔洛和经纪人正努力确保她与众多一流演员合作，正如邦德电影是用来为她的国际演艺生涯铺路一样。
Marlohe will shoot the Malick film concurrently with the ongoing press tour for Skyfall.
在参加《007：大破天幕杀机》巡回宣传的同时，玛尔洛也会拍摄由马立克执导的新电影。
?Bond is supremely confident. This makes him sexy. It also makes him great at his job; being overconfident often gives better results than being objective and rational. (We'd all be better off moderately overconfident.) Neither men or women prefer modest guys. Bond has the personality of a trained man of action: SWAT team members differed from the average person by being extremely confident ("self-deceptive enhancement"), more emotionally stable and more resilient.
1、超级自信。邦德的超级自信让他不仅更加性感，而且工作更出色。与理性和客观相比，多一些自信往往收获更多（自负时人人感觉都不错）。无论男女都不喜欢谦逊的人。邦德有着实干家的品质：作为特种部队成员，他与普通人不同，具有非凡的自信（又称“自欺性提高”），并且情绪更稳定、更富弹性。
?007 is almost always calm. (Maybe that's due to all the sex.) Even when people are trying to kill him he's calm. This is sexy. Bond doesn't move unnecessarily. You never see his knee bouncing or hands fidgeting. He speaks slowly and deliberately and is rarely rushed. These are all very charismatic qualities. He has the unflinching eye contact of a predator -- and this increases the chance women will fall in love with him. 007 doesn't gush over girls and show his feelings. He keeps them guessing and uncertainty increases attraction. Bond doesn't smile much and this too makes him sexy because happiness isn't alluring in men. His body language is commanding and he's not afraid to take up space, which is very masculine and appealing. 007 doesn't ramble on and this too is smooth. Bond never slouches. Good posture increases confidence, feelings of power and makes you physically tougher. (Which works out well when you want to look classy in your tuxedo while battling machete wielding evil minions.)
2、冷静自若。007总是很平静。（对男女来说都有用）。即便是在死到临头的时候，也很冷静。这就是性感啊。邦德从不慌张失措。你没见过邦德腿发软手发抖吧。他讲话时语速慢而谨慎，从不乱阵脚。这些都是极富魅力的品质，遭遇劲敌面不改色-这很容易让女人心动不已。他从不向女人表白个不停，就让她们猜不透，搞不懂，这样更加有吸引力。邦德不常微笑也为他的性感加分，因为有幸福感的男人吸引不了女人。007的肢体语言很强势，阳刚血性，从不畏惧；007从不喋喋不休，让他更加优雅；007从不懒散，挺拔的体姿不仅增加自信心，还有力量感，看起来更强壮（身着燕尾服与恶棍搏斗看起来更有档次）。
?There's generally booze wherever 007 goes and alcohol does lead to sex. Liking alcohol was the biggest indicator of who has sex on the first date.
3、美酒佳人。 邦德走到哪里喝到哪里，美酒的确能帮他俘获佳人。喜欢喝一杯的人最容易在第一次约会时就抱得美人归。
?Bond has a keen eye for who to trust and who not to. This quality is frequently seen in sexually open-minded people, actually. 007 can tell when a lady is into him. And science agrees: handsome men are the best at identifying who is attracted to them.
4、慧眼识香。邦德眼光敏锐，能辨认出孰敌孰友。这种品质常见于性开放者。007很容易识出对他有意的女人，有科学证明，帅哥往往擅长于此。
?Bond has it all and that's exactly what the most beautiful women demand in the men they date. Women who really enjoy sex prefer "bad boys" -- and there's no doubt 007 qualifies. Feminine women prefer masculine men. And for one night stands women look for physical attractiveness and dominance -- which Bond has in spades.
5、邦德具备美女约会种种要求。乐衷于性的女人更喜欢“坏男人”-邦德属于此类。讲究的女人喜欢阳刚男人，寻求一夜情的女人喜欢外型帅气、主动进攻的男人-非邦德莫属。
?All the Bond actors have been tall. This isn't a coincidence. A man who is five foot six needs to earn $175,000 a year more a year to be as attractive as a man who is six feet tall. A lot of people commented on Daniel Craig's buff physique in Casino Royale. Once again the depiction clicks with the research: muscular men have more one night stands and you can tell how many women a guy has slept with by the size of his arms. That chiseled torso may mean he's a better lover.
6、所有扮演邦德的演员都是高个子，这不是巧合。身高1.6的男人每年要多赚175000英镑才能与身高1.8的男人媲美。很多人欣赏丹尼尔在《皇家赌场》的魁梧身材。科学研究证明，肌肉男有更多的一夜情，从一个男人的臂围可以看出他与多少女人风流过，魁梧身段就意味着他是个不错的情人。
?The Aston Martin doesn't hurt. Not at all. Neither does dropping tons of cash at exotic casinos -- throwing money around makes men more attractive to women who are interested in flings. And, like Bond, men who gamble with women around are better at it.
7、 阿斯顿·马丁必须有。不止如此，还要在异国情调的赌场里挥金如土——一掷千金的男人很能吸引寻欢中的女性。常与女性周旋的邦德更擅长于此。
?Bond is by no means a comedian but he knows the power of a well-timed one liner. Women are attracted to funny men because humor is a sign of intelligence. You can even predict how many women a man has slept with by how funny he is.
8、邦德并不是个喜剧演员 但他懂得合适的时候来点小幽默。女性很容易被有趣的男人吸引，因为幽默标志着智慧。可以这么讲，一个人多有趣，可以来推断他与多少女人风流过。
?Bond has been attacked in innumerable ways and survived everything. Of course, this is because he's fictional. It is interesting to note that research shows masculine men are hardier. In fact, being un-masculine can be lethal for males. (Maybe it's all those orgasms keeping him alive. I doubt he'll die of a heart attack or prostate cancer.)
9、邦德经历风险无数却总能死里逃生。当然，人物本身是虚构的。有意思的是，研究证明，肌肉男更皮实。实际上，肌肉不发达对男性来说，可能很要命。（可能就是发达的肌肉让他得以活命的吧，我怀疑他会死于心脏病或前列腺癌）。
?Women fall for him because he's exciting to be around and this plays a much larger part in a relationship than most think. It's the key to a great first date. Even the femme fatales assigned to kill Bond fall for him. But studies show this isn't surprising at all. 007's character has frequently been accused of being sexist. This is probably true -- and only serves to make him that much more attractive to the ladies.
10、 因为与邦德在一起很有趣，女人往往会迷上他，这在人际关系中很重要，也是很多首次约会一拍即合的秘诀。甚至派去杀他的女特工也会爱上他。研究证明，这也不奇怪，007的形象常被批成大男子主义，也许不错--但是，只能让他在女人面前的魅力有增无减。
重点单词
查看全部解释
exposed
[iks'p?uzd]
想一想再看
adj. 暴露的，无掩蔽的，暴露于风雨中的 v. 暴露，
lace
[leis]
想一想再看
n. 饰带，花边，缎带
v. 结带子，饰以花边
联想记忆
X
单词lace 联想记忆：
读：蕾丝（花边）
entertainment
[.ent?'teinm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 娱乐
联想记忆
X
单词entertainment 联想记忆：
enter在中间+tain拿住+ment→在[工作]中间拿→娱乐，款待
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
mask
[mɑ:sk]
想一想再看
n. 面具，面罩，伪装
v. 戴面具，掩饰，遮
celebrity
[si'lebriti]
想一想再看
n. 名人，名誉，社会名流
联想记忆
X
单词celebrity 联想记忆：
cerebr脑
brace
[breis]
想一想再看
v. 使防备，支撑，拉紧，使绷紧
n. 支柱，
联想记忆
X
单词brace 联想记忆：
brace原指双臂，用双臂支撑－使稳固用两个brace embrace（v 拥抱）
shoulder
['uld?]
想一想再看
n. 肩膀，肩部
v. 扛，肩负，承担，(用肩
swift
[swift]
想一想再看
adj. 快的，迅速的
n. 雨燕，线轴
<br
designer
[di'zain?]
想一想再看
n. 设计者
联想记忆
X
单词designer 联想记忆：
de加强语义，sign标记，er表示人－做标记的人－设计者
Meanwhile, in an unfortunate red carpet faux pas, Pink and Shakira both showed up in the same Balmain dress.
与此同时，红毯上出现了一个不幸的窘境，粉红佳人和夏奇拉穿着相同的巴尔曼礼服现身。
Beyoncé vs. Jennifer
Lopez Short is the name of the game, judging from the red carpet looks of Beyoncé and Jennifer Lopez. Both divas went for thigh-high dresses to show off their gams4, with strategically cut out neck and shoulder detail, but where Beyoncé opted to stand out in fire engine red, J. Lo went for soft and satiny earth tones.
碧昂丝vs. 珍妮弗·洛佩兹
从碧昂丝和珍妮弗·洛佩兹的红毯着装来看，“短”是这次娱乐盛典的主题。这两位女歌手都选择及大腿的裙子来露出她们的美腿，策略性地减去领口，并注重肩膀的细节设计，但碧昂丝选择穿消防车红色从中脱颖而出，而珍妮弗·洛佩兹选择了柔和的有缎子般光泽的褐土色。
Taylor Swift vs. Katy Perry
Taylor Swift and Katy Perry opted for bedazzled5 dresses in very different styles. Taylor went for a more old Hollywood, glamorous Grecian style that exposed her back and statuesque6 figure, while Katy rocked a shorter, spunkier look that exposed a little of everything.
泰勒·斯威夫特vs. 凯蒂·佩里
泰勒·斯威夫特和凯蒂·佩里选择了两种样式完全不同的极为诱人的礼服。泰勒选择了一款能够展现她修长身材的传统好莱坞式、迷人的古希腊风格的露背礼服，而凯蒂则穿着一件更短的、更有活力的礼服，每个地方都露了一点。
单词释义：
1. glitterati / n . 知名人 士，国际上层社会人士。
2. paparazzo /[复] paparazzi / n . 专门追逐名人偷拍照片的摄影者(或记者)，狗仔队。
3 . 《歌剧魅影》（ T h e Phantom of the Opera ）是 由安德鲁·韦伯（Andrew Webber）作曲的著名音乐剧，剧中的男主人公“魅影”（Phantom）的右脸上戴着一副面具。
4. gam / n . <俚> (尤指美丽女子的) 腿。
5. bedazzled / a . 眼花缭乱的。
6. statuesque / a . 高大匀称的，体态优美的。
South Korean activists vowed Tuesday to sneak copies of Hollywood satire "The Interview" across the border by propaganda balloon later this month, in defiance of North Korea's repeated threats.
南韩的活动分子在星期二发誓，要在月底通过宣传气球跨越边境向北韩偷运荷里活讽刺片"刺杀金正恩"，以作为对北韩不断威胁的反抗。
Up to 10,000 copies of the film - a comedy about a fictional CIA plot to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un - and 500,000 political leaflets are scheduled for a balloon-launch around 26 March.
多达10000份影片（一个虚构CIA刺杀北韩领袖金正恩的喜剧片）和500000份宣传单将会在3月26号左右通过气球投放。
An earlier plan by activists and the US-based Human Rights Foundation to send 100,000 copies of the film in January was postponed until after last month's Lunar New Year.
早先一个由活动分子和美国人权基金在一月份投放100000份电影的计划被推迟到了上个月的新年后。
However they went ahead with plans to send 100,000 anti-Pyongyang leaflets.
但他们事先计划投放100000反平壤宣传单。
The upcoming launch will mark the five-year anniversary of the sinking of a South Korean warship in 2010, with the loss of 46 sailors. The South pinned the blame on the North and effectively froze all inter-Korean trade and investment ties.
即将来到的投放是为了纪念南韩2010年沉船事件的第五周年，当时有46位船员死亡。南韩把责任归咎于北韩，并且很快的冻结了一切两韩之间的交易和投资纽带。
No details have been given about the content of the leaflets, though propaganda sent in the past has denounced North Korea's ruling family.
现在对于宣传单张的内容还没有详细的介绍，但之前投放的传单都包含谴责北韩统治者家族的言论。
Seoul insists the activists have a democratic right to send the leaflets, but has appealed for restraint to avoid overly provoking the North.
首尔坚称这些活动分子有派发单张的民主权利，但要求他们不要过度激怒北韩。
"We will set the exact date and location for our operation in consideration of weather conditions, but it will not be publicised," said Park Sang-Hak, a former defector who has led a series of balloon launches
“我们会根据天气谨慎考虑投送的时间和地点,但这些都不会公开，”脱北者Park Sang-Hak说道,他曾经领导过一系列的气球投送运动。
The North has already warned that Park will "pay for his crimes in blood" if copies of the film make it across the border.
北韩已经警告过Park，如果电影穿越边境，将会要他"以命偿罪"。
On 2 March, the North's state-run website Uriminzokkiri warned that Pyongyang would respond to any balloon launches with "not just a few shots of gunfire but cannons or missiles".
在3月2号，北韩政府网站我们民族之间警告北韩将对任何气球投放展开"炮弹和导弹的攻击，而不只是几下枪击"。
"Nobody can stop it. I will keep sending leaflets into North Korea at the risk of my life," Park said, adding he has always prepared to face down the North's threats.
"没人能阻止行动，我会用生命为代价一直投放宣传单张到北韩，"Park说，强调他一直有对抗北韩威胁的准备。
Pyongyang, which refers to Park as "human scum' has long condemned the balloon launches and in recen onths has stepped up its demands for Seoul to ban them.
平壤称Park为“人渣”，一直在谴责气球投放，最近几个月甚至要求首尔禁止这一行动。
In October last year North Korean border guards attempted to shoot down some balloons, triggering a brief exchange of heavy machine-gun fire between the two sides.
去年八月北韩一位边界士兵试图射击一些气球,但最终引致了边界双方的一场重机枪交火。
Local residents living near the launch sites have complained that the activists are putting their lives at risk by making them potential targets for North Korean retaliation.
住在气球发射场附近的边境民众投诉活动分子将他们的生命置于危险之中，因为他们是北韩反击的潜在受害者。
Apple will this week test its customers’ loyalty, buying power and enthusiasm for innovation when it unveils the first iPhone to cost as much as $1,000.
苹果(Apple)本周将考验客户的忠诚度、购买力以及对创新的热情，发布第一款售价高达1000美元的iPhone。
Tuesday’s event at Apple’s new Cupertino headquarters is expected to reveal its much-anticipated 10th-anniversary iPhone, offering significant upgrades to the smartphone’s display, camera and overall design.
9月12日，苹果将在位于库比蒂诺(Cupertino)的新总部举行产品发布会，届时备受期待的10周年纪念版iPhone预计将会亮相，这款智能手机的显示屏、摄像头和总体设计都会有重大升级。
The high-end model is an addition to Apple’s line-up, alongside more incremental updates to the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus released last year.
这款高端机型将成为苹果产品阵容的一名新成员，加入去年发布的、升级步伐较小的iPhone 7和iPhone 7 Plus的行列。
Analysts believe the launch will help Apple to overcome its growth problem of the last two years. In markets such as America and Europe, where smartphone ownership is close to saturation and many customers are holding on to their existing handsets for longer, the best way to drive faster revenue growth is by charging more for each device, rather than simply relying on unit growth.
分析师们认为，这次新机发布将有助于苹果克服过去两年的增长问题。在像美国和欧洲这样的市场上，智能手机的拥有量已趋近饱和，很多客户不再频繁更换现有手机，推动更快收入增长的最佳途径就是提高单位价格，而不是单纯地依靠出货量。
At the same time, Apple is bringing in costly new components. These include an OLED display that makes the front of the phone into one continuous screen. Depth-sensing cameras will offer new “augmented reality” features and allow the device to be unlocked by face recognition, instead of fingerprint.
与此同时，苹果正在引入昂贵的新组件，包括OLED显示屏，使手机正面成为一个连续屏幕。深度感应摄像头将提供“增强现实”新功能，并允许手机通过人脸识别（而不是指纹）解锁。
At least one model of the next iPhone is expected to feature image-capture technology that can sense depth, and track faces and expressions. A range of new emojis include monkeys and robots, whose animated expressions can mirror the iPhone user’s face as Apple battles for users’ attention with the likes of Facebook and Snapchat.
预计新一代iPhone中，将至少有一款采用人脸识别技术，这种图像捕捉技术能够感知深度，并追踪人脸及表情。随着苹果与Facebook和Snapchat等公司争夺用户的关注度，新一代iPhone将增加一系列包括猴子和机器人的新表情符号，其动画表情能够反映iPhone用户的脸。
More advanced components are in short supply, however, which could leave many customers waiting long after September to get hold of the new iPhone. That presents an opportunity for rivals such as Samsung’s new Note 8 or Essential, the smartphone maker led by Android co-founder Andy Rubin, which is targeting premium customers such as Apple’s with its slick $699 device. Google is also said to be preparing a new version of its Pixel smartphone, which has proved popular with early adopters.
然而，由于这些先进的新组件供应紧张，可能会让许多客户在9月之后才能等到新款iPhone。这给Essential或三星(Samsung) Note 8等竞争对手带来了机会；Essential是由安卓(Android)操作系统的联合创始人安迪?鲁宾(Andy Rubin)领导的智能手机制造商，该公司正以其售价699美元的时尚新机型瞄准苹果等竞争对手的高端客户。据信谷歌(Google)也在筹备新版Pixel智能手机，这款手机很受早期试用者欢迎。
The last leg of the year is set to be a busy one for initial public offerings on both sides of the Atlantic, with companies including Italy’s Pirelli, Alibaba-backed Best Logistics and video streaming platform Roku lining up to list.
今年剩余时间将是大西洋两岸首次公开发行(IPO)的繁忙季节，意大利倍耐力(Pirelli)（见题图）、阿里巴巴(Alibaba)支持的百世物流(Best Logistics)和视频流媒体平台Roku等公司都将上市。
The pipelines were building in spite of poor performance for this year’s high-profile deal from Snap, the owner of Snapchat, in the US and investor concerns that a strengthening euro may curtail the earnings recovery in Europe.
筹备IPO交易的公司正在增多，尽管今年在美国高调上市的Snap（旗下拥有Snapchat）表现不佳，同时投资者担忧欧元不断走强可能遏制欧洲企业的盈利复苏。
“As long as overall markets remain relatively constructive and transactions continue to be executed well, we continue to expect healthy volumes over the rest of the year,” said David Ludwig, head of Americas equity capital markets at Goldman Sachs.
“只要总体市场仍然相对积极，只要交易继续执行良好，我们继续预期今年余下时间会保持健康的交易量，”高盛(Goldman Sachs)美洲股票资本市场主管戴维?路德维格(David Ludwig)表示。
US listings were up from 2016, which marked the one of the weakest periods in years. According to Dealogic, 112 IPOs have priced year to date, versus just 63 at this time last year. Issuance volume has more than doubled to $31.6bn.
美国上市交易相比2016年（多年来最疲弱的年份之一）出现起色。根据Dealogic的统计，今年迄今已有112笔IPO得到定价，而去年这个时候只有63笔。发行金额翻了一番多，达到316亿美元。
Two-thirds of this year’s deals are trading above their issue price. On average, 2017’s class of US IPOs have risen in value by about double the S&P 500, at 20 per cent, according to Renaissance Capital, which runs IPO-focused exchange traded funds.
今年三分之二新上市股票目前的交易价格高于发行价。据旗下管理着专注于IPO的交易所交易基金(ETF)的Renaissance Capital介绍，平均而言，2017年美国新上市股票的股价涨幅大约是标准普尔500指数(S&P 500)的两倍，达到20%。
Snap, however, has sunk to about $15 after initially rallying from its IPO price of $17 in March, damping some expectation of further activity involving so-called decacorns, tech companies that have achieved valuations of $10bn or more through private funding.
然而，3月份以17美元的发行价上市的Snap，在最初上涨后下跌至约15美元，打击了市场对于所谓“十角兽”企业（通过私人筹资达到100亿美元或更高估值的公司）会有更多IPO活动的预期。
Spotify, the music streaming service, plans to list existing private shares directly on the New York Stock Exchange as soon as the fourth quarter rather than doing a formal IPO, while other large, well-known tech companies for now were seen as more likely prospects for 2018, bankers said.
银行家们表示，音乐流媒体服务Spotify计划最早第四季度在纽约证券交易所(NYSE)直接上市其现有的非公开发行股票，而不走正式的IPO程序，而其他大型知名科技公司则被视为更有可能在2018年上市。
重点单词
查看全部解释
openness
['?up?nnis]
想一想再看
n. 公开；宽阔；率真
supreme
[sju:'pri:m]
想一想再看
adj. 最高的，至上的，极度的
statement
['steitm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 声明，陈述
联想记忆
X
单词statement 联想记忆：
state站，立+ment→站着说话→声明；陈述
protection
[pr?'tekn]
想一想再看
n. 保护，防卫
联想记忆
X
单词protection 联想记忆：
pro在前面+tect盖上+ion→保护
administration
[?d.mini'strein]
想一想再看
n. 行政，管理，行政部门
联想记忆
X
单词administration 联想记忆：
ad+(mini小+ster→小人→古代大臣称自己是“小人”→部长，大臣)→做部长→管理，治理+ation→行政，管理
commission
[k?'min]
想一想再看
n. 委员会，委托，委任，佣金，犯罪
vt.
联想记忆
X
单词commission 联想记忆：
com共同，miss＝mit送－共同送东西到指定处－委托com共同，mission（n 使命，任务）－受了别人的委托，说明你得到了别人的信任，所以这是一种使命。
summary
['s?m?ri]
想一想再看
n. 摘要
adj. 概要的，简略的
联想记忆
X
单词summary 联想记忆：
summ总，加+ary→内容总和→摘要;大纲
institute
['institju:t]
想一想再看
n. 学会，学院，协会
vt. 创立，开始，制
联想记忆
X
单词institute 联想记忆：
in进入，stitute站，建立－站进去；进入建立的状态－创立
budget
['b?d?it]
想一想再看
n. 预算
vt. 编预算，为 ... 做预算
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
An international medical journal's retraction of 107 research papers from China, many of them by clinical doctors, has reignited concerns over academic credibility in the country.
一家国际医学杂志撤销了107篇中国学术论文，由此引发了人们对中国学术诚信的关注。被撤稿的作者多数是临床医生。
Tumor Biology, a journal published by Springer Nature, announced last week that it had retracted the papers after an investigation showed the peer review process had been compromised.
由施普林格自然集团出版的杂志《肿瘤生物学》上周宣布，调查显示，这107篇论文的同行评审过程存在问题，因此已被撤稿。
"The articles were submitted with reviewer suggestions, which had real researcher names but fabricated email addresses," Peter Butler, editorial director for cell biology and biochemistry at Springer Nature, told Shanghai-based news website The Paper.
施普林格自然集团细胞生物学和生物化学编辑部主任皮特?巴特勒对上海澎湃新闻网站表示：“这些论文提交的评审人建议中，使用了评审人的真实姓名，但假冒了其电子邮件地址。”
"The editors thought the articles were being sent out to genuine reviewers in the discipline," he said. "Following our investigation and communication with the real reviewers, they confirmed they did not conduct the peer review."
“这让编辑以为文章发送给了该学科真正的评审人。我们与真正的评审人进行调查和沟通后，他们确认并没有对论文做过评审。
Peer review is an evaluation of work by one or more people of similar competence to those who produce the work, which helps validate research.
同行评审指由一个或多个与论文作者业务能力相当的人进行评估，这有助于对研究进行验证。
The online notice about the retraction lists all 107 articles and 524 authors, nearly all of whom are clinical cancer specialists from China. The hospitals named are all top public institutions.
网上的撤稿公告共列出了107篇论文及524位作者，他们几乎都是中国临床肿瘤专家。所涉及的医院都是顶级公立机构。
A Beijing cancer specialist who didn't want to be named said on Sunday that although there is no excuse for compromising scientific credibility, the incident reveals a widespread dilemma facing Chinese physicians who struggle to strike a balance between overloaded daily work schedules and academic requirements, primarily publishing papers to secure professional development and promotion.
一位不具名的北京癌症专家23日称，虽说破坏科学公信力的行为不该有任何借口，但是这起事件揭示了中国医生面临的普遍困境，即在超负荷的日常工作安排与发表论文以争取职业发展和升职的主要学术要求之间很难维持平衡。
"How many patients do Chinese doctors see a day? It can be more than 50," he told China Daily. "How can we have the time and energy to do research or publish papers?"
他告诉《中国日报》：“中国医生每天要看多少病人？可能超过50个。我们怎么可能有时间和精力做研究或发论文呢？”
For those outside the scientific community, the response to the retraction has been mixed.
科学圈外的人士对论文撤稿的反应不一。
"Hard to believe so many doctors lied in the papers. Can patients still trust them to help us treat diseases?" wrote one Sina Weibo user.
一位新浪微博网友写道：“不敢相信这么多医生都在论文中造假。病人还能相信他们可以帮人治病吗？”
However, others argued that doctors' hands may be forced by an unfair system. "As a patient, I'm more concerned about whether they can cure my illness rather than how many papers they've published," another netizen said.
然而，还有人认为医生的所作所为可能是受不公平的体制所迫。另一位网友称：“作为一个病人，我更关心他们能否治好我的病，而不是他们发表了多少论文。”
Wang Chunfa, executive secretary of the China Association for Science and Technology, has expressed deep concern over the retraction, which came just days after he met in Beijing with Arnout Jacobs, the head of Springer Nature for Greater China.
中国科学技术协会书记处书记王春法对撤稿事件表示深切关注，事件发生几天前，他刚在北京与施普林格自然集团大中华地区总裁安诺杰会面沟通。
In that meeting, he told Jacobs that such problems would decrease, as China is reforming its management system in science and technology, according to a statement by the association on Friday.
据中国科协21日发表的声明称，在会谈中，王春法对安诺杰表示，中国正在进行科技管理体制改革，此类问题将有所减少。
Wang said the journal and authors had an unavoidable responsibility in the latest scandal, with the statement adding that Tumor Biology had retracted papers over similar concerns about the peer review process in 2015.
他说，杂志和作者在这起最近发生的丑闻中都有不可推卸的责任，声明中还说，《肿瘤生物学》在2015年就已经因同行评议过程存在类似问题而撤销一些论文。
Verification and evaluation should be enhanced before publication, Wang said.
王春法说，在出版前应加强审查和评估。
Jacobs vowed at the meeting to improve management and cooperation with the association to enhance the credibility of the science. He stressed the publisher was not targeting China, as it had also retracted papers by experts from other countries, the statement said.
声明表示，安诺杰在会谈中承诺将加强管理，增强与中国科协的合作，提升科学公信力。他强调，施普林格自然集团并非针对中国，他们也撤销过其他国家专家的论文。
You see all kinds of grisly, hairy characters on the Tube but few commuters would've expected to see a pack of pandas on the platform.
也许你在地铁上上见过各种着装怪异迥异的角色出现，可应该没人在月台上见过大熊猫成群结队吧。
A party of 108 pandas – performers dressed in costumes – descended on London streets today to promote the plight of the cuddly black and white endangered species.
昨日，108名表演者身着熊猫服装，穿行在伦敦的街头，向大众宣传这种惹人喜爱却面临灭绝危险的黑白物种。
The pandas did some tai-chi in Trafalgar Square before kicking on at a panda party in Convent Garden as part of the first ever Panda Awareness Week.
他们先在伦敦中心广场上开了个熊猫聚会，接着来到特拉法加广场打太极。这一切都是第一届"感受熊猫"周的特别活动。
In a bid to raise awareness of one of the world's most endangered species and the Chengdu Panda Base in China, the 108 performers were hard to miss as they entertained Londoners and children during school visits with conservationist and base ambassador Nigel Marven.
为了让世界都关注濒危物种和中国成都大熊猫基地，演出者们全力表演，节目精彩令人难以忘怀。他们不仅给伦敦市民带去了乐趣，还与基地大使、自然主义者奈杰尔-马文一同去学校向孩子们宣扬熊猫保护的理念。
"Pandas used to be really difficult to breed in captivity, but the Chengdu base and other zoos around the world have cracked the problem and now there are around 400 in captivity," Mr Marven said.
"过去，大熊猫很难进行圈养，但是经过成都熊猫基地和世界各地许多动物园的通力合作，人类已经攻克了这个难题。目前世界上已经有了将近400只人工大熊猫。" 马文如是说。
"It's a great conservation success story."
"这是自然保护的一次伟大创举。"
The base hopes to keep up public awareness of pandas and the necessity of conservation of their natural habitats while Increasing the wild population by reintroducing individuals into areas in China where populations have declined.
基地方面希望借此提升公众意识，宣扬保护区及熊猫保护的理念，同时在中国进行动物野生放归，增加中国部分物种濒危区的动物数量。
A number of nude photographs have been leaked online after several female students offered the photos in exchange for high-interest loans via an online lending platform.
在一些女学生通过提供裸照作为交换，在互联网借贷平台上获取高息贷款之后，近日又有大批裸照被泄露在了互联网上。
Around 10 gigabytes of photos have allegedly been released. Jiedaibao, a popular online peer-to-peer lending platform, is involved in the incident, the Beijing Times reported on Dec. 1.
目前已经被泄露的照片多达10个G。据《北京日报》12月1日报道，著名在线P2P借贷平台"借贷宝"也和此次事件有关。
According to the report, some lenders have been using the platform to offer female college students high-interest loans on the condition that the borrowers hand over nude photos of themselves holding their ID cards as collateral.
据报道显示，一些贷款机构一直在利用借贷宝向女大学生提供高息贷款，条件是贷款人必须提供持有身份证拍摄的裸照作为抵押。
Most female participants were between 19 and 23.
据悉，大多数借款的女性年龄都在19到23岁之间。
The lending conditions were not limited to nude pictures. Also leaked were a number of screenshots of supposed dialogues between the borrowers and lenders, with one lender demanding that the female students deliver a video of herself masturbating.
贷款的条件不仅仅只局限于裸照。同样被泄露的还有大量疑似借贷双方对话的屏幕截图，一个贷款人要求女学生提供自己的自慰视频。
Some of the leaked photos and videos can still be found on Chinese social media as of press time.
截止发稿时为止，在中国社交媒体上仍然能够找到一些被泄露的照片和视频。
In response to the incident, Jiedaibao made an announcement on its Sina Weibo on Dec. 1, stressing that the use of nude pictures as collateral for loans constitutes a private deal between users, which the company cannot regulate.
为回应这起事件，借贷宝12月1日在其新浪微博上发表了一份公告，强调用裸照作抵押贷款是用户之间的私人交易，该公司无法加以管理。
"We have called the police and collected evidence to protect the company's reputation. Those who leaked the nude pictures will be punished according to law," the announcement read.
公告宣称："我们已经报警，并且收集了证据来维护公司的声誉。而那些泄露裸照的人将被按照法律惩处。"
Online peer-to-peer lending platforms have expanded rapidly in China, along with fraud cases.
互联网P2P借贷平台在中国发展迅猛，但随之而来的是众多的诈骗案件。
Online peer-to-peer broker Ezubao previously cheated about 900,000 investors out of more than 50 billion RMB through a giant Ponzi scheme, the Xinhua News Agency reported in February.
据新华社今年二月报道，互联网借贷公司"易租宝"之前通过一个巨大的庞氏骗局，从大约90万投资人那里骗取了超过500亿人民币的资金。
重点单词
查看全部解释
productive
[pr?'d?ktiv]
想一想再看
adj. 能生产的，有生产价值的，多产的
联想记忆
X
单词productive 联想记忆：
pro向前+duct引导，带来+ive→生产的；多产的
element
['elim?nt]
想一想再看
n. 元素，成分，组成部分，(复数)恶劣天气
ultimate
['?ltimit]
想一想再看
n. 终极，根本，精华
adj. 终极的，根本
boring
['b?:ri?]
想一想再看
adj. 令人厌烦的
accomplished
[?'k?mpli?t]
想一想再看
adj. 娴熟的，有造诣的，完成的，有成就的，毫无疑问的
联想记忆
X
单词accomplished 联想记忆：
ac+com全部+pli满，填满+ish→全部弄满→成就+ed→有成就的，有造诣的
invigorate
[in'vig?reit]
想一想再看
vt. 增添活力，鼓舞，激励
联想记忆
X
单词invigorate 联想记忆：
vigor（n 精力；活力）
creative
[kri'eitiv]
想一想再看
adj. 创造性的
联想记忆
X
单词creative 联想记忆：
create增长，产生+ive →有创造性的
encouragement
[in'k?rid?m?nt]
想一想再看
n. 鼓励
recommend
[.rek?'mend]
想一想再看
vt. 建议，推荐，劝告
vt. 使成为可取，
联想记忆
X
单词recommend 联想记忆：
源于：commend（v 称赞；推荐）
beneficial
[.beni'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 有益的，有利的
联想记忆
X
单词beneficial 联想记忆：
bene好+fic做+ial表形容词，“有…的”→有好处的
2. Organize
Purchase products like magazine racks, shelves, and desk organizers that will keep your supplies and resources in order and close-at-hand. We love the File File, $24.95, at CB2.com (pictured above).
摆放一个小书架，用来放自己的杂志或报纸，这一方面有利于节省空间，另一方面可以让你能够很快找到自己想要的东西。
3. Feng Shui
How could we not include the ancient Chinese theory of interior aesthetics? Where your desk is situated is the most important aspect to freeing the energy in your space. Place your desk so that you face the door— the ultimate power position. Avoid placing your desk against a wall with your back facing the door, as it will interfere with the balance of your chi.
风水学。风水学也是可以帮助我们很好地布置办公桌的好帮手，千万不要把自己的桌子摆在一边靠着墙，背朝着门的方向。
4. Add Color
Bursts of color are instant energy suppliers. If you can, paint your walls or use furniture and accessories to provide a colorful oomph.
加一些颜色。丰富的颜色可以让你充满活力。如果可以的话，可以选择一些色彩鲜艳的桌子和椅子。
5. Mother Nature
Adding a plant is beneficial, as nature is a subconscious link to energy. An orchid or bamboo plant is easy to maintain, while providing a refreshing element to your space.
贴近大自然。在桌上摆放一盆植物是振奋自己的一个好办法。
6. Lighting
Lighting is key when it comes to getting work done. Instead of investing in your typical, boring college dorm room desk lamp, pick something with a prettier design. Check out vintage stores for one-of-a-kind table lamps or keep it cheap with the Tiffany Table Lamp, $99.99, at Target.com.
采光。在工作中，光线是很重要的，不要用上大学时候的那个小台灯了，用个更别致更有创意的灯吧。
7. Get Comfortable
Since you will be spending so much time in your office space, you should be comfortable enough to enjoy what you do. A comfy chair will keep you pleased throughout the day. We recommend the Allak Swivel Chair, $59.99, at Ikea.com. If you need music to keep your mind stirring, we recommend the Sound System iPod Speaker, $220, at UrbanOutfiters.com.
让自己坐的舒适。在弄了这么多之后，最重要的一点是要让自己感觉到很舒适。
8. Get Inspired
Create a mood board for inspiration, including quotes and pictures that will invigorate your creative juices. You might even want to change it up once and a while if you have a major project due or need fresh ideas. Art or wall décor can also add a creative touch to your workspace. We recommend the 3 in 1 Board, $19.95, at CB2.com (pictured above).
贴一些小便条来激励自己。一个美好的办公环境，还需要一些能够让自己提神的小纸条。
9. Add Personality
Adding pictures of family or objects that are close to you will remind you of what you’ve accomplished and why you work so hard. Keep them on your desk or on a shelf nearby to help you when you need encouragement and motivation. We love the Set of Ten Gold Frames, $28, at UrbanOutfitters.com.
添加一些个性元素。把自己家人的照片或东西放在桌子上可以提醒你为什么你要努力工作。
10. Are YOU Re-Energized?
Of course your office space should be organized and personalized, but it won’t be re-energized without you, the worker. Simple office exercises and stretches will help you keep up the pace for a long (yet productive) workday ahead.
开始布置吧。你是不是已经有所感悟了呢？那么赶紧去布置一个优雅和个性的办公桌吧，心动不如行动哦。
（可可英语版权所有,未经允许请勿转载）
1. Peaceful Era
1.和平年代
We are now in the midst of the most peaceful era of human history. Back in the 1940s, 300 out of every 100,000 people would die as a direct result of war. We’re happy to tell you that that figure is now less than 1.
在人类的历史上，我们正处于最和平的年代。早在二十世纪四十年代，每10万个人中就有300人直接死于战争。我们可以很欣慰地告诉你今天这个数字少于1。
2. Worldwide Murders
2.全球谋杀案
557,000 people were murdered across the world in 2001 alone. That number significantly dropped by 289,000 by 2008. The homocide rate is now in decline in 75% of nations.
仅在2001年，全球就约有55.7万人被谋杀。而到了2008年，这个数据就减少了28.9万人。如今，全球的谋杀率已经下降了75%。
3. Poverty
3.贫穷
52% of the world lived in extreme poverty in 1981. This number dropped down by 21% in 2010, as 721 million fewer people no longer live in absolute poverty.
在1981年，全球52%的人极其穷困潦倒。这个数字在2010年的时候下降了21%，少于7.21亿人还过着极度贫困的生活。
4. Life Expectancy
4.平均寿命
The life expectancy of the average human has increased more in the past 50 years than it did in the 200,000 years of human existence. Life expectancy is now 70 years old – which is a big difference from 47 years old in 1950!
人类在过去50年的平均寿命比人类存在的20万年中的平均寿命要长的多。目前，人类的平均寿命是70岁，1950年的平均寿命是47岁，两者存在很大的差异。
5. Gay Marriage
5.同性婚姻
While there is a still a way to go to ensure the LGBT community has the same rights as sexual couples, the world has moved on significantly in recent years. In fact, gay marriage is now legal for 60% of Americans. What about the other 40%, you ask? The List Love really believes the rest of the United States, and many other countries across the world – we’re talking to you, Russia! -will catch up soon.
近几年，得益于世界日新月异，就像保护异性夫妻一样， LGBT群体（女同性恋、男同性恋、双性恋、跨性别人士）也会得到同样的权利保障。事实上，如今60%的美国人承认同性婚姻的合法性，如果你问那剩余的40%呢？我们可以告诉你美国的其他地方以及世界的其他地方，例如俄罗斯，很快都会赶上脚步。
You might think 60% is absolutely nothing, but this is a significant step, seeing as gay marriage was not legal anywhere in the United States in 2003.
或许你会认为这个60%并不起眼，但它是很重要的一步，因为在2003年，同性婚姻在美国的任何地方都是不合法的。
6. Cancer Mortality Rate
6.癌症死亡率
Between 1991 and 2010, the cancer mortality rate fell by a whopping 20%, which is more than 10% a decade. One day we will say goodbye to cancer for good.
在1991年至2010年之间，癌症死亡率显著下降了20%，这比过去十年下降总和的10%还要多。总有一天，我们会跟癌症说再见。
7. Hearing Aid
7.助听器
Marvel created superhero Blue Ear, who wears a hearing aid, after a little boy refused to wear one because "superheroes don’t wear hearing aids".
2002年，一名4岁的小男孩患有耳聋，但他不愿意戴助听器，因为超级英雄们都不戴。之后，漫威（Marvel）创作了一个戴着助听器的蓝耳侠（Blue Ear）。
8. Illiteracy
8.文盲
World illiteracy has reduced by 50% between 1970 to today.
从1970年到今天，世界各地的文盲减少了50%。
9. Smiling
9.微笑
Blind people smile even when they have never seen someone smile.
即使从未见过人微笑，盲人也会微笑。
10. Knighted Penguin
10．被授予爵位的企鹅
Last but by no means least is our favourite fact that Norway once knighted a penguin. His name is Nils Olav, and he is a king penguin who now resides on Edinburgh Zoo, Scotland. He is the mascot and Colonel-in-Chief of the Norwegian Royal Guard. He was knighted on 15th August, 2008, which was approved by King Harald V, who stated during the ceremony that Nils was "in every way qualified to receive the honour and dignity of knighthood".
挪威曾为一只企鹅授予爵位。它现在居住在苏格兰的爱丁堡动物园，是那里的企鹅王，它叫尼尔斯·奥拉夫（ Nils Olav）。它不仅是一只吉祥物，更是挪威皇家护卫队的名誉上校。2008年8月15日，国王哈拉尔五世（King Harald V）授予奥拉夫爵位，并在授予典礼上声明“奥拉夫在各方面都有资格获得骑士爵位的荣誉和尊严”。
注：本文转载自前十网，译者：Carrie
STEP 1: GET THE LOOK
第一步 拥有傲娇的造型
1. Buy expensive tailored clothing that only sort of fits so that most of the time your buttons appear to be just seconds from bursting.
衣服。要买那种又贵又紧的定制款，达到下一秒纽扣就会被胸肌爆开的效果。
2. Get a Belstaff coat and blue scarf. The coat cost about 1350 pounds. It's got good twirl for those dramatic moments in life.
外套。来一套贝达弗的大衣和蓝围巾。一套价值1350英镑的大衣，随时准备迎接人生的精彩时刻。
3. Grow your hair slightly longish, if it isn't naturally wavy (poor you), wear curlers to bed every night.
发型。略长的卷发——蛤？你不是自来卷哦？小可怜，那你只好每晚带着卷发夹入睡了。
4. Stop eating, gotta get those cheekbone sharp enough to cut butter.
脸型。不要吃！要瘦！瘦出能切开黄油的颧骨。
STEP 2: STIM
第二步 重复标志性动作
Once you grow your hair slightly longish, be sure to play with it at every opportunity.
一有机会就炫一下小卷毛。
Fiddle with items, your hair, flick your fingers, rub your leg, pace, rock, and bite your lips.(Well, most of that could just be on the "how to cumberbatch" list)
性感的小动作，比如摆弄头发、轻弹小指、摩擦双腿、踱步、摇晃、轻咬嘴唇。（好吧，上面很多其实都是在回答“如何变成康伯巴奇”。）
STEP 3: PRACTICE CREEPY LOOKS
第三步 练习古怪表情
scary puppy like head tilts and glares
斜着头，怒目，像受到惊吓的狗狗那样
smiles and puma snarls
笑并且像美洲狮一样咆哮
STEP 4: REMIND EVERYONE about what an "idiot" or "moron" they are
第四步 提醒所有人“你们其实是蠢货”
Play up being smarter than everyone, develop some obvious insecurities. Forget social skills if you happen to have any.
一定要展现自己过人的智慧，努力地表现出心神不定的样子。把那些社交技巧抛到脑后吧！
STEP 5: GET RID of most of your friends
第五步 帅到没朋友
Keep around people who like to remind you how smart you are, and stay even though they think you are a dick.
只跟那些能凸显你聪明的人做朋友，哪怕他们觉得你坏坏哒。
Care about them, but don't let on mkay?
偶尔关心他们一下，但也别太真情流露，收到？
STEP 6: FIND A WATSON
第六步 找到你的“花生”
This is BBC Sherlock, so your Watson isn’t stupid. He's rather smart in his own way and insecure about his sexuality (probably straight).
因为这里说的是BBC的夏洛克，所以你的华生不是真傻，只是用自己的方式展现智慧。他还有点不确定自己的性向（万一是直的呢）。
He also has serious thrill issues dude.
他也是个妥妥儿的喜欢刺激事的家伙。
Be prepared to save his life on numerous occasions.
请做好准备随时当他的救世主。
STEP 7: DEVELOP a special interest
第七步 培养癖好
It has to take over most of every waking minute. It's all you want to talk about. Prepare to watch people's eyes glaze over.
你一定有一个连走路时都念念不忘的怪癖。你只想聊这个。瞧着吧，观众会被你帅到的。
Nothing else matters, not even basic astronomy.
斗转星移关我何事？我的癖好才最重要。
Make it dangerous, this will help you keep your Watson happy.
让它具有一定的危险性，因为这也会让你的“华生”兴趣盎然。
STEP 8: PRACTICE the method of loci or roman room, or at least pretend to
第八步 反（假）复（装）练习轨迹记忆法或者罗马房间法
This way you can tell everyone to shut up and get out so you can go to your "mind palace".
让别人都滚粗闭嘴，这样你就能特别牛掰地走入“记忆宫殿”了。
STEP 9: BE SURE to tell everyone to shut up on a daily basis, it's endearing you know
第九步 每天，告诉全世界“别BB了”，其实这样蛮圈粉的
STEP 10: Even if you don't really fit the criteria, tell everyone you are a SOCIOPATH
第十步 如果以上几条都做不到——就公告天下说你有反社会人格
It scares/intimidates people and they don't know better anyway.
这会吓走一些人，这些人不了解你更好。
Except your Watson, he thinks it's hot.
除了你的华生，他会觉得这样的你性感极了！
Historical and fictional films each have their own strengths when it comes to storytelling. Every now and then, though, movies pop up that don't quite fit into either category. The stories are wildly unrealistic, but they carry an inkling of truth between their pages. While these are some of the most interesting films out there, viewers often don't even know that what they're watching really happened. Well, wonder no more! Keep reading to learn about some of Hollywood's zanier scripts that took their inspiration from good old-fashioned real-life drama.
在讲故事的时候，历史片和故事片各有所长，不过，时不时也会出现无法归入其中任何一类的电影。这些故事十分离奇，但字里行间又透着现实。这些电影非常有趣，观众却常常完全不知道，他们正在看的情节真的发生过。好啦，别猜了！读下去，你就能认识几个好莱坞的古怪剧本，都是受到狗血现实生活的启发。
10．American Hustle
10．《美国骗局》
This pseudo-comedic 1970s crime drama tells the story of two romantically involved con artists named Irving Rosenfeld and Sydney Prosser, who are caught by an FBI agent and forced to scam corrupt politicians. The two continue to manipulate the FBI agent, their political targets, and their own family members, ultimately cutting an immunity deal that allows them to escape the ordeal without any criminal charges.
这部20世纪70年代黑色幽默犯罪电影的主角，是诈骗高手欧文·罗森菲尔德和他的情妇西德尼·普鲁塞尔，他们被一名联邦调查局（FBI)干员抓获，然后被迫欺骗腐败的政治家。二人继续与干员、政治家目标以及自己的家人周旋，最终达成豁免协议，得以不受任何刑事指控就脱离苦海。
The real Irving is named Mel Weinberg, and he and his mistress were in fact enlisted by the FBI to oust eight elected officials for taking bribes. Just like the film, Weinberg and the FBI developed an elaborate con to catch the corrupt politicians in the act. Weinberg did end up forming a friendship with one of the officials, although unlike in the film, his final immunity deal didn't protect the friend he helped implicate. Some things are just too far-fetched, even for a career criminal.
欧文的原型叫梅尔·温伯格，事实上，他和情妇被联邦调查局征募，让8名特定官员因受贿被免了职。和电影里一样，温伯格和联邦调查局精心设计骗局，抓了这些腐败政治家现行。温伯格后来真的和一名官员成了朋友，但与电影不同，他的最终豁免协议没有让他想帮助的朋友免受牵连。有些事情，即使是对职业罪犯来说也太过牵强。
9．The Bling Ring
9．《炫富帮》
Released in 2013, The Bling Ring is a satirical crime drama that chronicles the adventures of Hollywood Hills high schoolers who burgle the homes of local celebrities. The teens break into homes of icons like Megan Fox and Paris Hilton, stealing cash, clothes, handbags, and jewelry to help them emulate the excessive lifestyles they admire in magazines. The students are eventually caught and sent to jail after posting pictures of their hauls on social media.
发行于2013年的《炫富帮》是一部语带讽刺的犯罪剧情片，记录了一帮好莱坞山高中生的冒险，他们偷到了当地名人的家里。少年们进入梅根·福克斯和帕丽斯·希尔顿这样的偶像家，偷走现金、衣服、手袋和珠宝，用来模仿杂志上让他们羡慕的奢华生活。在朋友圈炫耀战利品的照片后，他们终于被抓进了监狱。
This story pulls directly from the real Bling Ring gang , whose burglaries racked up $3 million over the span of ten months in 2008. All of the celebrities listed in the movie were real victims of this group, who claim to have been motivated by the "cultural obsession" surrounding celebrities' personal lives. Whatever their motives, the Bling Ring is a good reminder to take a step back from the media every once in a while.
影片直接来自真实的Bling Ring帮，2008年，他们10个月的赃物飚升了300万美元。电影列出的所有名人都是这个团伙真实的受害者。团伙成员声称，是社会对这些名人私生活的痴迷鼓励了他们。无论动机如何，《炫富帮》都很好地提醒了人们，要时不时与媒体拉开距离。
8．Yes Man
8．《没问题先生》
Yes Man is a heartwarming blockbuster that explores what would happen if you answered "yes" to every question in your life. Jim Carrey's character takes on this challenge and ends up learning Korean, taking flying lessons, and getting promoted. He goes from being a pessimistic divorced man to an exciting trendsetter and finds a new girlfriend in the process. It might sound like fiction, but this movie is loosely based on a memoir of the same name by freelance radio producer Danny Wallace.
《没问题先生》是一部暖心大片，探讨如果在生活中，对每个问题都回答“好”，会发生什么。金·凯瑞（Jim Carrey）饰演的主角接受了这个挑战，结果学了韩语，上了飞行课，还升了职。起初他是个悲观的离婚男人，后来变成了吸引人的潮男，其间还找到了新女友。听起来像小说，但这部电影其实取材于自由电台制片人丹尼·华莱士的同名回忆录。
Wallace wrote the book after saying "yes" to everything for a year, a commitment which both advanced his career and landed him in a cult meeting. What the movie didn't show, however, is the sheer number of Internet scams Wallace signed up for. Apparently, saying "yes" all the time has its downfalls in real life.
华莱士对一切说“好”说了一年，然后写了这本书。这个尝试既促进了他的事业，也把他带进过邪教集会。不过，电影没说的是，华莱士曾在数不清的钓鱼网站注册。显然，一直说“好”在现实生活中可不是一帆风顺。
7．Jaws
7．《大白鲨》
John Williams's classic score still raises goosebumps over 40 years after this summer blockbuster hit theaters. Jaws preys on our primal fear of the unknown in deep waters, showing a small beach town ravaged by a series of attacks from a single killer shark. In recent years, environmentalists have stressed the generally nonthreatening nature of sharks, which kill an average of just eight swimmers each year.
在这部暑期大片上映40年后，约翰·威廉姆斯的经典原声大碟仍然叫人毛骨悚然。《大白鲨》利用我们对未知的深海的本能恐惧，展示了一个多次受到同一条食人鲨袭击的海滨小镇。近年来，环保人士强调，鲨鱼通常不主动伤人，平均每年只有8人葬身鲨口。
While Jaws's story is extremely unrealistic, it was based on a real series of deaths attributed to a single shark in 1916. In what has been dubbed the "most unique set of shark attacks that ever have occurred," the Jersey Shore saw four people die from shark bites over the course of two weeks. The offending shark was reportedly caught with body parts still in its digestive tract, although leading scientists still aren't sure what drove it to attack so many people.
《大白鲨》的故事非常不现实，但它的原型是1916年由一条鲨鱼造成的一系列真实命案。在被称为“史无前例的系列鲨鱼袭击事件”中，2周内，泽西海岸边有4人被鲨鱼咬死。据报道，犯案的鲨鱼被捕后，消化道中还有尸骸。不过，权威科学家至今无法确定，是什么驱使这条鲨鱼袭击了这么多人。
6．I Love You Phillip Morris
6．《我爱你，菲利普·莫里斯》
A jailed con artist who falls in love with another inmate and escapes prison multiple times could only be the work of fiction, but this is more or less the real story of Steven Jay Russel. Much like his film counterpart, played by Jim Carrey, Russell was originally sent to prison for fraud. He escaped his first sentence to be with his partner Jim Kemple, who at the time was dying from AIDS. Russell was found two years later and returned to prison. Kemple died soon after.
一个坐牢的诈骗高手爱上狱友并多次越狱，这看起来只能是小说情节，但却多少是斯蒂文·杰伊·拉塞尔的真人真事。与金·凯瑞饰演的电影主角一样，拉塞尔最初因诈骗入狱。他的男朋友吉米得了艾滋病，为了陪他，拉塞尔逃脱了这次刑罚。两年后拉塞尔被抓回监狱，不久吉米就去世了。
Before long, Russell fell in love with inmate named Phillip Morris. After Morris was released, Russell again escaped prison by calling the clerk's office, impersonating a judge and drastically reducing his own bail. He was caught and escaped two more times to be with Morris, at one point faking his own death. He is now serving a life sentence but admits to finding his film portrayal pretty exciting.
不久后，拉塞尔爱上了一名叫菲利普·莫里斯的狱友。莫里斯出狱后，拉塞尔通过给职员办公室打电话再次越狱，还假冒法官，大幅降低了自己的保释金。为了和莫里斯在一起，他又被捕和逃脱了两次，一度假装自己已经离世。他现在被判终身监禁，但表示看到自己的电影形象很激动。
5．Taxi Driver
5．《出租车司机》
Hailed as one of the greatest films of all time, Taxi Driver tells the story of a depressed ex-Marine who attempts to assassinate a senator after being rejected by a woman he admires. While the titular taxi driver, Travis Bickle, lives a chaotic life filled with drug dealers and prostitutes, his story was never meant to be an unrealistic fantasy. Rather, it meant to expose the very real warning signs of a would-be gunman.
《出租车司机》被誉为历史上最伟大的电影之一，讲述了一名沮丧的前海军陆战队员，在被爱慕的女子拒绝后，试图暗杀参议员的故事。名义上的出租车司机崔维斯·拜寇，生活混乱，充斥着毒贩和妓女，但他的故事从来不是不现实的幻想。相反，它揭示了一个人差点成为成为枪手的真实预警。
The film pulls heavily from the life of Arthur Bremer, who shot presidential candidate and segregationist George Wallace in 1972. Similarly to his film counterpart, Bremer shot Wallace shortly after being rebuffed by a young girl. Overall, though, his life was much less exciting than that of De Niro's character, with the biggest commonality between the two being that neither actually succeeds in killing a politician.
影片大量借鉴了亚瑟·布雷默的事迹，此人于1972年枪击了总统候选人和隔离主义者乔治·华莱士。与电影中一样，布雷默枪击华莱士也是在被一个年轻女孩拒绝后不久。尽管如此，他的生活总的来说不如德尼罗的角色那么激动人心，他俩最大的共同点，就是都没有真的杀死目标。
4．The Mask Of Zorro
4．《佐罗的面具》
In this 1998 swashbuckler classic, Antonio Banderas plays the protege of a boring nobleman who moonlights as a masked outlaw, saving the Mexican commoners of California from corrupt leaders. While Zorro might sound like a regular old-timey superhero, the story upon which The Mask of Zorro is based pulls heavily from legends surrounding a real-life desperado named Joaquin Murietta.
在这部1998年的古装剑侠动作电影中，安东尼奥·班德拉斯扮演了一个无聊的贵族，他有时会扮成蒙面歹徒，从腐败领导人手中拯救加州的墨西哥平民。虽然佐罗听起来可能像个普通的老派超级英雄，但是《佐罗的面具》依据的故事大部分来源于现实世界中，一个叫乔伊·穆里埃塔的亡命之徒。
Murietta belonged to a gang known as the Five Joaquins, who were notorious bandits during the height of the California Gold Rush. While Murietta's criminal activity likely did not have any political undertones, he nonetheless became a symbol of Mexican resistance as American settlers ventured to California. Unfortunately for him, this pushed the government to put a bounty on his head, leading to his murder and beheading. Luckily, Banderas's character didn't fall to the same fate.
穆里埃塔属于一个叫“五皇后”的黑帮，他们是加州淘金热的高潮期间，臭名昭著的土匪。虽然穆里埃塔的犯罪行为可能没有任何政治色彩，他还是随着来到加州投机的美国定居者，成了墨西哥抵抗的象征。对他而言，这可不是什么好事，而是促使政府悬赏他的人头，导致他被杀和斩首。幸运的是，班德拉斯的角色没有遭到同样的命运。
3．50 First Dates
3．《初恋50次》
A lighthearted rom-com starring Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore is the last thing you'd expect to mirror real life, but this comedy was in fact partially based on a true story. Sandler plays a veterinarian who falls in love with Barrymore, an amnesiac whose memory resets at the beginning of each day. He learns that Barrymore has replayed the same day over and over again since a car crash left her with a traumatic brain injury. Upset by the lie she has been living, Sandler's character makes a series of videos that explain her accident and her life for her to watch each morning.
这部亚当·桑德勒和德鲁·巴里摩尔主演的轻松浪漫喜剧，似乎最不能反映现实生活，但实际上它确实部分基于真实故事。桑德勒扮演的兽医爱上了巴里摩尔，而她的记忆每天都会重置。他了解到，车祸造成创伤性脑损伤后，她就一直在重播同一天。因为她一直生活在谎言中，桑德勒的角色很苦恼，并制作了一系列录像，解释她的车祸和生活，给她每天早上看。
Barrymore's condition was based on the real life of Michelle Philpots, who suffered head trauma in two separate motor vehicle accidents, which left her with a 24-hour memory. Rather than using Sandler's tapes, Philpots has survived for over 23 years using Post-it notes and her (amazingly modern, from her perspective) mobile phone.
巴里摩尔的病情基于米歇尔·菲利普斯的真实生活，她的头部在在两次机动车事故中受伤，记忆只能维持24小时。桑德勒用录像带，菲利普斯则是用便利贴和手机（对她而言还真时髦）撑了23年。
2．Rocky
2．《洛奇》
Stallone's iconic underdog has spent decades inspiring athletes and nonathletes alike to fight for their goals. As a poor local boxer, Rocky gets his break when he enters a fight with World Heavyweight Champion Apollo Creed. Due to his rigorous training and Creed's relative apathy, Rocky becomes the first challenger to ever push Creed through all 15 rounds.
几十年来，史泰龙塑造的这个弱者形象一直在鼓舞人们为目标奋斗，他们中既有运动员又有非运动员。洛奇是当地一名贫穷的拳击手，因与世界重量级冠军阿波罗·祈利比试而崭露头角。由于祈利的严格训练和相对无情，洛奇成了第一个与他打上15回合的挑战者。
This groundbreaking fight is loosely based on a bout between Chuck Wepner and Muhammad Ali, in which the "everyman" Wepner managed to become one of the four men to knock Ali down in his career. Just like in the film, Wepner pushed Ali through 15 rounds despite looking (and feeling) like he'd been hit by a truck. While both he and Rocky ended up losing their fights on a technicality, Wepner wins in our book for inspiring such an awesome character.
这次奠基之战借鉴了查克·温柏和拳王阿里的比赛，这个无名小卒温柏成了在阿里的职业生涯中击倒过他的区区4人之一。和电影里一样，温柏与阿里打了15回合，尽管他看起来（感觉也）像被卡车撞过。虽然他和洛奇最后都被对手技术性击倒，但温柏胜在启发了史泰龙塑造这个了不起的角色。
1．Rain Man
1．《雨人》
In this emotional comedic drama, a selfish car dealer named Charlie Babbitt learns that he has a brother after his estranged father dies. He is upset to learn that said brother, Raymond, received his father's $3 million estate despite living with severe autism that has left him in a mental institution. Charlie learns that Raymond is a savant with outstanding capabilities for mental math and takes advantage of this skill by using Raymond to count cards in Vegas.
在这部感人的喜剧中，在久未联络的父亲去世后，自私的汽车经销商查理·巴比特了解到自己还有个哥哥。他很不高兴地发现，这个叫雷蒙德的哥哥因为严重自闭住在精神病院，却获得了父亲300万美元的遗产。查理发现哥哥心算很厉害，就利用他在拉斯维加斯赌博时数牌。
While the real Rain Man never counted cards, his mental abilities were just as unbelievable. Kim Peek was a uniquely talented savant who possessed a nearly perfect memory. Among his many skills, Peek memorized every road on the map, the composers and dates of countless songs, and incredibly detailed historic facts. After Rain Man, he spent his life touring the country and campaigning for the disabled, to the delight of many who were able to witness his unique gift in person.
雨人的原型没数过牌，但脑力也很出众。金·皮克是个独一无二的天才，拥有近乎完美的记忆。他丰富的技能包括记住地图上的每一条路，无数歌曲的作曲家和日期，以及详细得令人难以置信的的历史事实。《雨人》出名后，皮克将毕生投入到在美国各地奔走，为残疾人发起活动，用自己的独特天赋鼓舞他们。
Human bodies are frail, easily damaged packages full of parts that can never fully come back once lost. Luckily, researchers worldwide are working on replacing every bit of the body to make us all cyborgs.
人的身体是十分脆弱的，有些娇弱的器官一旦破坏就永远难以复原。幸运的是，世界各地的研究人员都在研究能替代我们身体部位的生化机械器官。
10.Supersensitive Electronic Skin
10.超敏感电子皮肤
Skin has the thankless job of coating and protecting your whole body, making it your most easily damaged organ. When you burn or rip off a stretch of skin, your main option right now is to graft some back on from elsewhere on your body. But an effective synthetic replacement skin may not be that far off, thanks to research from Stanford scientists.
皮肤辛苦的担任着包裹我们和保护我们整个身体的责任，因此它也成为了最容易被伤害的器官。当皮肤被烧伤或者被割破，你最快的选择是从身体其他部位移植一部分过来。然而，感谢斯坦福大学科学家的研究，一种能有效替代人体皮肤的材料，不久后将面世。
Stanford's Zhenan Baohas has developed a super-flexible, super-durable, and super-sensitive material that can be the basis for future synthetic skin. People have tried developing synthetic skin before, but Baohas's material handles touch sensitivity better than any predecessor. It contains organic transistors and a layer of elastic, letting it stretch without taking damage. And it's self-powered—this skin contains a series of elastic solar cells.
斯坦福大学的Zhenan Baohas 研发出了一种具备超弹性、超耐性和超敏感的材料，能够作为未来发展人工皮肤的基础。以前，人们也研究过生化皮肤，但是Baohas的材料比以前研发出来的更具敏感性。它带有有机转换物质和一层弹性材料，保证它在不被破坏情况下的延展性。另外，这种材料带有一系列的太阳能电池元件，可以自动充电。
9.Beating Hearts Created In A Petri Dish
9.在培养皿中跳动的心脏
Scientists have long investigated stem cells' potential for growing hearts, and they reached a major milestone this year when they created heart tissue than can beat on its own.
长久以来，科学家一直在研究干细胞分化为心脏组织的潜力，今年当他们创造出可以自己搏动的心脏组织时，这一研究工作达到了一个重要的里程碑。
The University of Pittsburgh team used stem cells made from skin to make MCPs, a special kind of cell that acts as a precursor to cardiovascular tissue. They then placed these cells on a 3-D scaffold designed to support a mouse heart. Within 20 days, the new heart began beating at 40 to 50 beats per minute.
匹兹堡大学的研究小组从来自皮肤的干细胞培养出MCPs，一种可以作为心血管组织驱动器的特殊细胞。他们把这些细胞放在一种可以维持老鼠心脏的3-D支架上。在20天内，新的心脏开始以每分钟40~50次的速率搏动。
This heart is too weak to actually pump blood, which is the primary reason anyone would want an new heart. But the tissue has a lot of potential for patching heart muscles that have suffered damage.
虽然这个心脏太虚弱，不能真的输送血液，但是这种细胞组织在修复受伤的心脏肌肉方面具有巨大潜力。
8.Prosthetic Hands That Sense Touch
8.触感人造手
Current prosthetic hands do little beyond filling the arm-shaped space between your body and the air. Sure, they can grasp things all right, and they help in balance, but they lack one of the human hand's most important abilities—the sense of touch. People with prosthetics can't detect if they're in contact with an object without looking at it directly.
现在的假手除了具备手的外形外，几乎没有其他功能。当然，这些假手能够拿东西和保持身体平衡，但是它们缺乏人手最重要的功能之一——触感。装了假手的人在碰触到一样物品时，如果不用眼睛看，是没法判断东西的。
A research team at the University of Chicago has solved this problem, producing hands that send electric signals to the brain. They've begun with monkeys as test subjects, studying the animals to see how their brains respond to touch. When outfitted with prosthetic hands that stimulate their brains that way, the monkeys respond just as though they physically touch objects themselves.
芝加哥大学的一个研究小组制造了一种能够向大脑传递信号的假手来解决这个问题。他们以猴子为测试对象，研究动物大脑对触摸信号的反应。当装备了可以刺激大脑的假手后，那些猴子的反应就好像他们身体接触到了物体一样。
Programming these same signals into artificial human limbs would give amputees replacement hands unlike anything we've developed before.
将这些类似的信号通过编程的方式写入造假肢，会给截肢者带来和以前研发出来的产品完全不同的假肢。
7.Thought-Controlled Bionic Legs
7.思想控制仿生腿
Though bionic legs are of course a huge boon to amputees, they lack actual nerve connections with the body. As a result, walking on them is cumbersome and tiring. But last year, Seattle resident Zac Vawter was outfitted with the world's first thought-controlled leg, a bionic limb that takes signals directly from his mind.
虽然仿生腿对截肢者来说是巨大的福音，但是它们与人体缺乏真正的神经联系，导致依靠仿生腿走路十分麻烦和劳累。但是去年，西雅图的居民Zac Vawter 安装了世界上第一支思想控制的腿，一种直接接受从他大脑发出信号的仿生肢体。
This technology previously existed for arms, but legs are rather more complicated. And since a misread signal can send you jumping off a bridge or in front of a moving car, thought-controlled legs need more stringent programming than equivalent arms. As one of the researchers delicately put it, “If you're using a bionic arm and it misbehaves, the elbow may move slightly. If the prosthetic leg misbehaves . . . that could be quite a safety issue.”
这项技术曾经运用于武器，但是运用在仿生腿上会更复杂。误读信号可能导致安装者跳下桥或站在开动的车辆前，依靠思想控制的仿生腿需要比武器更为复杂的程序。正如研究者指出的那样：如果你使用仿生胳膊，而胳膊动作做错了，可能只是手肘偏移预订位置。而如果仿生腿动作做错了，那可能就是生命安全问题了。
Vawter climbed 103 floors of a Chicago skyscraper on his bionic leg, but its designers are still working on improving it. To optimize it for everyday use, they have to make it even thinner and lighter. Its successor (the iLeg Air?) may meet the Army's stated goal for a bionic leg—10,000 steps without recharging.
Vawter 使用仿生腿在芝加哥一栋高楼里向上爬了103个阶梯，但是仿生腿的设计者们仍然在尝试提高它的性能。为了使它能适用于日常生活，设计者们必须让它更轻更薄。它的衍生品（充气仿生腿）可以满足陆军对于仿生腿的阶段性目标——行走一万步不用充电。
6.Miniature Human Brains
6.微型人脑
Brain death is a bit of an inconvenience if you're a fan of living, and if you're looking to replace yours with a spare, you're out of luck. Sure, maybe we'll one day be able to plant brains into skulls, but the brain's not just another organ. It contains all your thoughts and memories. They can plop a new brain in your head, but you'll still be gone, so the idea of making artificial brains may seem absurd.
如果你热爱生存，那么脑死亡是一件不美好的事。而且，如果你想用空闲的大脑来替换，那你是绝对找不到的。当然，也许有一天，我们能将大脑放入头骨中，但是大脑跟别的器官不同。它装有你所有的思想和记忆。人们能在你头里放一个新的大脑，但是你还是不存在，所以人造大脑这种想法看起来很荒谬。
But that hasn't stopped scientists from growing actual human brains in a lab. Starting with nothing but stem cells, scientists in Austria this year managed to create brains equivalent to those in nine-week-old fetuses. These miniature brains are the size of peas and are incapable of thought—so far. The one thing keeping the brains from growing beyond this stage and becoming fully functional is that they have no blood supply.
但是这并没有阻止科学家在实验室发展人造大脑。今年奥地利的科学家仅从干细胞开始，成功地创造出等同于9个周大的婴儿的大脑。目前，这些大脑只有豌豆大小，也不能思考。阻止这些试验品发育成具有完全功能的大脑的因素是它们没有血液供给。
But that hasn't stopped scientists from growing actual human brains in a lab. Starting with nothing but stem cells, scientists in Austria this year managed to create brains equivalent to those in nine-week-old fetuses. These miniature brains are the size of peas and are incapable of thought—so far. The one thing keeping the brains from growing beyond this stage and becoming fully functional is that they have no blood supply.
尽管这些大脑没有进入任何人的身体，但是他们给科学院研究脑科疾病提供了原材料。
5.3-D Printed Ears
5.3-D 打印耳朵
We've had the technology to artificially restore hearing for decades, but internal implants do nothing for the visible parts of the ear. You'd think those big flaps (“pinnae”) on either side of your head would be easy to replicate, since they're just skin and cartilage rather than complex organs. In reality, scientists have never done a good job with fake ears. Traditional replacements look and feel like plastic toys.
我们发展出人工记录声音的技术已经有几十年了，但是人工植入器官在耳朵这一领域没有任何改变。你可能认为生长在头两边的肉块极易替换，因为它们只是皮和软骨，而不是复杂的器官。事实上，科学家在制作假耳上并没有做得非常出色。传统的替代耳朵看起来或感觉起来都像塑料玩具。
But researchers this year came up with a new method that makes flexible, realistic ears out of real cells. Those cells come from rats and cows, and they form a collagen gel that can take the shape of any mold. When placed in a mold of a human ear—a mold assembled using a 3-D printer—the gel forms an ear in less than an hour. The artificial ear then just needs a few days growing in nutrients before it's ready to be implanted in a subject.
但是今年，研究者提出一种新的方法，这种方法可以通过真的细胞制作出有弹性真实的耳朵。这些细胞来自老鼠和奶牛，可以形成胶原凝胶，按任何模具成型。当放入使用3-D打印技术制作的耳朵模型后，一个小时内那些凝胶形成了一只假耳。在移植到对象之前，人造耳朵只需要在营养成分中生长培养几天。
These artificial ears will be a huge benefit to those who suffer injuries or who have microtia, a condition that keeps the ears from ever developing.
这些人造耳朵对那些遭受过耳朵伤害或者耳朵停滞发育即患有小耳畸形的人来讲是巨大的福音。
4.Noses That Smell Diseases
4.闻疾病的鼻子
Scientists may be working hard at making organs that match the body's capabilities, but why stop there?
科学家们在赋予人体器官原本能力方面投入很深，但是为何要仅限于此呢？
When researchers at the University of Illinois set out to create a device that identifies chemicals by their scent, they didn't settle for the sensitivity of the human nose. Instead, they created an artificial nose that uses the smell of bacteria to identify and diagnose specific diseases.
当伊利诺伊大学的研究员着手建立一种靠嗅觉来鉴别化学物质的装置时，他们并不满足于提高人类鼻子的灵敏度。相反，他们发展出一种假鼻子，依靠对细菌的气味来鉴别和诊断某些疾病。
The result doesn't look much like a nose—it's a bottle filled with liquid nutrient that cultivates bacteria. But give the “nose” a blood sample and let it sniff for a few days, and the bottle's dots will change color to indicate what bacteria, if any, it identifies.
产品看起来并不太像一个鼻子，而是一个瓶子，装满了培养细菌的营养液体。但是给这个“鼻子”一个血液样本，让它嗅上一段时间，这个瓶子的斑点会改变颜色来表示它鉴别出的细菌种类。
3.Artificial Pancreas
3.人工胰腺
The pancreas produce insulin, and if yours don't, you need to inject yourself with the hormone manually. Diabetics are therefore trapped in a stressful routine of continually checking their blood sugar and then shooting insulin whenever the need arises.
胰腺产生胰岛素，如果你的胰腺没有这样做，你需要人工注射胰岛素。因此，糖尿病患者必须进行的日常事例是检查他们的血糖，并且在必要时注射胰岛素。
Artificial pancreas, however, knock insulin into your body automatically. The device looks much like a regular insulin pump, which slips you insulin continuously through your skin, but this one monitors your blood sugar at all times and adjusts itself accordingly. So even when the wearer sleeps, there's no danger of falling into shock if their sugar drops too low.
但是人造胰腺能够自动释放胰岛素到你的身体里。这个装置看起来像一个规律的胰岛素泵，它可以穿透皮肤连续地释放胰岛素进入身体。而且它一直监视血液里的血糖含量，并根据血糖含量调整胰岛素释放量。所以，即使携带该设备的人睡着了，也不会有血糖降至很低而晕倒的危险。
Unlike several items on this list, artificial pancreas aren't still in some early development stage. The device very much exists and got FDA approval for sale this past September.
不像这篇文章中其他的人造物品，人工胰腺并不处于前期研究阶段，这个装置确实存在，而且在今年9月份得到了FDA的销售许可
2.Artificial Eyes
2.人工眼睛
As we pointed out earlier, we've long been able to restore hearing to the deaf, but restoring sight to the blind is a much more complicated matter. When people lose their sight, their retinas no longer send signals from their photoreceptors to their brains. To make an artificial eye, we'd need to understand how the retina processes those signals, and that's a code scientists just haven't been able to crack.
我们前面已经指出，我们已经能够让聋子听到声音，但是让盲人看见画面是更复杂的事情。当人们失去视力，他们的视网膜不再把光感受器的信号发送给大脑。为了制造人工眼睛，我们需要了解视网膜是如何取得这些信号，而这正是科学家尚未解决的关键之处。
Not until recently anyway. But scientists at Weill Cornell Medical College have at last managed to—at least with mice and monkeys. This produced artificial retinas, whose chips convert images into electronic signals and whose tiny projectors convert electronic signals into light.
直到最近，Weill Cornell Medical College的科学家们至少在老鼠和猴子身上实现了这一点。这种人造视网膜，它的芯片可以将画面转换为电子信号，而它的微型投影机可以将电子信号转化为投影光线。
These artificial eyes have indeed restored sight to blind mice. And the follow-up experiments on monkeys offer a lot of hope for eventual trials on humans because monkey and human retinas work similarly.
这些人工眼睛，确实恢复了盲鼠的视力。猴子的视网膜工作原理和人类的非常相似，因此随后在猴子上进行的试验给了最终的人类试验以成功的希望。
1.Fingers That Store Digital Files
1.手指存储器
When Finnish programmer Jerry Jalava had a motorcycle accident in 2008, he faced a double tragedy. First, he lost his finger, an obvious problem for anyone who types for a living. Second, he had to deal with a medical team who thought they were comedians—learning of his profession, one surgeon joked that Jalava should go out and buy a “USB finger drive.”
当芬兰程序员Jerry Jalava 2008年遇到车祸，他面临双重悲剧。首先，他失去了他的手指，对于靠打字生存的人来说是个大问题。其次，他必须跟一个幽默感过剩的医疗小组打交道。了解了他的遭遇后，一位外科医生竟然提议Jalava应该出门去买个“USB手指驱动器”。
Rather than strangling the doctor (difficult, due to his injury) Jalava took the corny line as inspiration. He decided to go ahead and actually build a prosthetic finger that contains two gigabytes of digital storage. He can now jack his finger into a computer just by peeling back the nail to expose the USB plug. He can also remove the entire finger at any time and hand it to a friend to use.
但是Jalava并没有拒绝医生的建议（出于伤情的实际情况考虑，拒绝很困难），而是将这个建议作为自己的期待。他决定试一试，并且真的在植入的手指里放入两千兆字节的数字存储器。他现在只需将指甲剥掉，露出USB插头，即可将手指插入电脑连接。他也可以在任何时候拿掉整个手指，并且借给朋友使用。
The next step? Jalava plans to upgrade the finger with an RFID tag and add wireless support. He also wants to add more memory, which seems pointless to us. If he needs more storage, he has nine other fingers he can chop off and replace with flash drives.
下一步呢？Jalava打算给手指带上RFID标签以进行升级，并且增加无线支持功能。他想扩充容量，方法自然是很无厘头的。如果他想有更多空间，他还有9个手指可以切掉换成移动存储器呢。
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
We’ve all had them: bosses and managers who make our work lives terrible and couldn’t manage a stack of paper clips, let alone a team of employees. I’ve written about the traits that make for bad bosses before, and in that article, a thoughtful commenter came up with his own list of what makes a good boss。
我们曾经都经历过：老板们和经理们让我们的生活越来越糟糕，不能管理好一堆文件，不理整个团队的员工。我之前写过一篇文章“不明智老板的特点”，在那篇文章里，一位考虑周到的评论者列出了他对如何做一个明智的老板的一些点评。
I loved his list (hat tip to him)， but I thought I’d elaborate on what I believe makes for an effective boss or manager。
我喜欢这个列表(很棒的观点)，但是我觉得我要更详细的完善一下怎样成为一个高效老板或者经理。
Having worked with many corporations and companies — large and small — I’ve seen time and time again what works, and what doesn’t。
曾在许多公司里面工作过----大公司或小公司----我看到过很多的方法有些起作用，有些并不起作用。
Effective bosses and managers tend to:
高效老板和经理们趋向于：
1.Provide strong leadership and a clear vision
1.超强领导力和清晰远见
The captain must steer the ship. If leadership doesn’t know where a project or company is headed, how can the company know? This isn’t just about steps or deliverables, either, but a clear vision of the department or company’s future that he or she can communicate to the employees。
犹如船长要驾驶一艘船。如果领导曾不知这个工程或公司如何牵头，公司又怎样知道呢？这不仅仅是关于接下来的步骤或者交付的内容这两点，而更是对部门或公司的未来有一个清楚的认识，他/她能够同公司员工一起交流的内容。
2.Hold themselves and others accountable
2.管理自己，对他人负责
Many bosses hold their staff accountable, but the best show that they hold themselves accountable as well. This means adhering to the same guidelines they set for their employees and taking responsibility for both team successes and failures。
许多老板都会对自己的员工负责，但是优秀的老板也会对他们自己的行为负责。这意味着他们同样会遵守为员工们设置的指导原则，并为团队的成功和失败负责任。
3.Good problem solver
3.解决问题的好手
One key thing the best bosses seem to have in common is that they are all consummate problem solvers. They can not only spot them, but brainstorm successful and innovative ways to fix them。
优秀老板看起来都会拥有的一个关键是：他们都是解决问题的高手。他们不仅能够发现问题，并能头脑风暴出成功创新的方法来解决问题。
4.Avoid micromanaging
4.不推崇微化管理
The best bosses understand the art of delegation. My commenter said something along the lines of, “They’ve fired themselves from their previous job,” meaning that they don’t interfere in the day-to-day and minute-to-minute workflow or processes. In essence, learning to delegate instead of micromanage is about trust。
优秀的老板们懂得授权的艺术。我的一位评论家说要沿着线走“他们已经从目前的工作里面抽身”，意味着他们不干涉每一天和每一分的工作流程和程序。本质上，学着去授权给员工去代替微化管理是对员工的一种信任。
5.Effective decision makers
5.高效决策者
Effective bosses must be effective decision makers. He or she cannot vacillate over every tiny decision. Being able to make decisions quickly and decisively — and then take responsibility for the outcome (see number 2) — is an important business skill, especially when managing others。
有效率的老板必须是有效率的决策者。他或她在每个小的决定上不能有半点犹豫。要能快速精准的做出决定----对以后的结果承担责任(请看第二条)----这是很重要的商业技巧，特别是在管理他人的时候。
6.Put people first
6.凡事以人为先
The best bosses understand that there must be a balance between the company or client’s needs and the needs of his or her employees. The best bosses are willing to listen and talk about any issues an employee may be having because they understand that a happy employee is a more productive employee。
优秀的老板知道公司或客户需求和他/她的员工需求之间一定存有一个平衡度。优秀的老板都喜欢倾听员工的心声和同他们交流可能存在的一些问题，因为他们知道员工快乐工作效率才会更高。
7.Manage up, down, and sideways
7.管理多向性
Managers are expected to manage the people below them on the corporate hierarchy, but the best managers also have ways of managing their superiors and coworkers on behalf of their team. Many times this means effective communication, managing expectations, and requesting help in a timely manner。
经理们在公司会管理等级制度上低于他们的人，但是优秀的经理也有方法管理他们的上级和代表团队的同事。很多时候这意味着有效的交流，管理期望和及时寻求帮助。
8.Show Appreciation
8.表达感激之情
Every employee wants a pat on the back once in a while, and the best bosses understand the importance of recognizing and appreciating employee contributions. This doesn’t have to mean bonuses or fancy corporate awards, but regular and meaningful expressions of appreciation。
每个员工都想偶尔得到上级的鼓励，优秀的老板们懂得认识和感激员工贡献的重要性。这并不意味着要对员工们作出一定的薪资奖励，而是合理的有意义的表达感激之情。
9.Be Honest
9.忠诚待人
There’s nothing worse than a boss who says one thing and does another, and nothing better than one who keeps his word. Just as managers must trust their team, employees must trust their boss to have their best interests at heart。
没有什么比老板所说和所做不一样更糟糕了，也没有什么比守信用更重要了。就像经理们一定要相信他们的团队，员工一定要相信他们的老板心中会为他们带来最佳利益。
10.Be Dedicated and balanced
10.专注工作，调节平衡
The very best bosses I’ve seen are passionate about their work; they live and breathe their jobs and strive to do the best work possible. Yet at the same time, they have lives outside of work. They understand the need to balance family and work or play and work. And they set a good example of how to do that for their employees。
我曾见过的超级优秀的老板们，都对他们的工作极具热情，他们同工作共生活共呼吸，尽最大努力将工作做到最好。与此同时，他们还有工作之外的生活。他们懂得家庭和工作或者玩和工作之间的平衡度。他们为员工们如何做到生活和工作之间平衡做了一个很好的表率。
Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, one of the most senior Saudi royals detained in the kingdom's corruption crackdown, has been released after reaching a settlement deal believed to exceed the equivalent of $1 billion, an official involved in the anti-graft campaign said.
参与沙特反腐行动的一名官员称，达成金额据信超过10亿美元的和解协议后，在该国反腐风暴中被捕的地位最高的沙特王室成员之一、米特卜·本·阿卜杜拉王子已获释。
Prince Miteb, who headed the powerful National Guard until early November, was released on November 28th, the official said. At least three other suspects have also finalized settlement deals.
这名官员称，米特卜王子已于11月28日获释。米特卜王子在11月初以前一直掌管着颇有实权的国民警卫队。至少还有三名嫌疑犯也完成了和解协议。
The public prosecutor has decided to release several individuals and will proceed with the prosecution of at least five others.
公共检察官已决定释放若干人，并将起诉至少五人。
Prince Miteb's release, less than a month since his arrest, shows the speed at which Saudi Arabia wants to settle the corruption probe that involved the sudden arrests of royals and billionaires such as Prince Alwaleed bin Talal.
米特卜王子被捕不到一个月即获释，这显示出沙特想要迅速结束这场腐败调查，阿尔瓦利德·本·塔拉尔王子等多名王室成员和亿万富翁在调查中突然被捕。
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said the majority of those being detained had agreed to pay back some of the money they had gained illegally in exchange for their freedom.
沙特王储穆罕默德·本·萨勒曼表示，多数被捕人员已同意归还部分非法获得的钱财，以换取自由。
The prince said authorities could recover as much as $100 billion in settlements.
该王储称，当局可通过和解收回多达1000亿美元。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
1)Thank You: Common courtesy? Sure. But tell me this: When was the last time you forgot (or rejected) gratitude? Whether given in private or public, a sincere ‘thanks’ creates goodwill. Don’t forget your mother’s advice: “Say please.” People are always happier doing a favor than taking an order.
1）谢谢：只是一般的礼貌？没错。那你告诉我，上一次你忘了说（或者拒绝说）谢谢是在什么时候？无论是在公开场合还是在私底下，说一句真诚的“谢谢”都会为你树立好口碑。也别忘了妈妈给你的忠告，“说请”。人们都喜欢比人请自己去做事而不是接受别人的命令去干活。
2) I Trust Your Judgment: Translation: “You have my permission. I believe in you. Now, go make it happen.” Feels pretty uplifting to hear that, doesn’t it? And I’ll bet you’d do almost anything to please someone who makes you feel that way. Your employees and peers are no different.
2）我相信你的判断：这句话的言外之意：“你征得了我的许可。我信任你。好吧，去做吧。”听到这样的话，是不是感觉很振奋？我保证你会为说这种话的人赴汤蹈火，因为这些话让人感觉如此振奋。你的员工也罢，你的同僚也罢，效果没有区别。
3) Tell Me More: “I’m all ears.” It’s the ultimate conversation starter! When you signal that you’re open and intrigued, the other party will respond in kind. And who can resist flattery? If your interest is genuine, you may just fuel a productive exchange.
3）告诉我更多吧：这句话的潜台词：“洗耳恭听。”这是开启话匣子的终极法宝！当你向对方敞开心扉、表达好奇的时候，对方一定会做出善意的回应。而且，谁不喜欢听好听的呢？如果你真的对对方所说的话感兴趣，或许你就能促成一次富有成效的交流。
4) I’m On It: You’re giving your full attention. You’re saying, “Relax. Don’t worry about a thing. I’ll see to it personally.” That response can disarm just about anyone. To express a deeper commitment, use “You have my word.” This makes you more accountable to someone, conveying that you’re on board and will make it happen…whatever it takes.
4）我来搞定它：你专心致志地听别人说话。然后你说，“轻松一点，别担心。我会亲自搞定它的。”这样的承诺会让所有人都放松下来。如果想要做出更大的承诺，你就可以说，“我向你保证。”这样的表态会让你看起来更可靠。在对方眼里，你已经进入角色，并且会尽一切努力去完成的。
5) I’ve Got Your Back: We’ve all made big mistakes. In those times, step in with a reassurance: “I’m not judging you. You’re going to get through this. You’re not alone. We’ll figure this out together. It’s going to be OK.”
5）我支持你：我们都犯过大错误。此时，不要回避，要对对方说一些肯定的话语：“我不是在说你不行。你会度过这个难关的。你不是一个人在战斗。我们将一起解决此事。一切都会没事的。”
6) My Pleasure: This subtle reminder reinforces a key point. You’re here to help others. You have all the time they need. And you’re happy to do it.
6）乐意效劳：通过此句话的微妙提示所起的作用，可以使某一关键内容得到强化的效果。你乐意帮助别人。无论什么时候，他们需要你的帮助，你都在场。而且，你是乐意效劳的。
7) Let Me Play Devil’s Advocate: Looking for a subtle way to critique? Turn the conversation into an exercise where you’re a detached party performing a function: Poking holes in the logic and plan of attack. You use this strategy to stress test ideas without making the process personal.
7）让我来唱黑脸：想找一种婉转的批评方式？将对话转变为一场操练，你在其中扮演被孤立的一方，执行一项职能：戳穿（对方言语中的）逻辑漏洞及其攻击计划中的漏洞。你使用此条策略，一定要强调一点，千万不要在这些观点中掺杂个人情绪。
8) Let Me Think About That: Yeah, it sounds like a cop out. And it is…sometimes. Fact is, we don’t always have the authority or expertise to make decisions. This phrase buys you time and breathing space. Then, set a date and time for follow up so the other person knows you’re taking him serious.
8）让我想想：是的，这话听起来有点像托词。有时，它就是托词。事实是，我们不可能任何时候都有权或有资格做决策。这句话为你赢得了思考的时间，你大可喘口气。然后，设定好日期及具体时间，做好跟进工作，让对方知道你很在乎他。
9) Well Done: It’s a cliché, no doubt. Sometimes, it isn’t enough just to say thanks. People want to know what they did was great and why. They pour so much sweat and soul into their projects.They need to know their work was special and had meaning to someone.
9）做得不错：毫无疑问，这有点陈词滥调的味道。有时，仅说一句“谢谢”还不够。人们想知道他们的工作完成得是否出色，也想知道为什么他们工作干的出色。毕竟，他们为项目流了太多的汗水，倾注了太多的心血。他们需要知道自己的工作很特别且是有意义的。
10) You’re Right: Want to get someone’s attention? Tell him that he’s right. Once you yield the high ground, it’s much easier for the other party to swallow that the right plan and sentiment can’t always overcome the absurdities and restraints we face every day.
10）你是对的：倘若你想引起别人的注意，径自告诉他，他是对的。一旦你交出交谈中的优势地位，对方就更容易接受这一事实：正确的规划或情绪并不总能够战胜我们每天都要面对的荒谬事儿或者种种限制。
At least 10 students lost their chance to attend Harvard College after posting "obscene memes" to a private Facebook chat, the main Harvard student newspaper reported.
据哈佛大学校报报道，至少10名学生因在脸书私聊小组中发布“猥琐表情”而失去哈佛大学的入学资格。
The memes included jokes about pedophilia, child abuse, sexual assault, and the Holocaust.
这些表情包恶搞的话题涉及恋童癖、虐待儿童、性侵害以及纳粹大屠杀。
The memes were shared as part of a private Facebook chat where admitted students in the class of 2021 shared edgy jokes as part of a "just-because-we-got-into-Harvard-doesn't-mean-we-can't-have-fun kind of thing", an admitted student told the Harvard Crimson.
一位被录取的学生告诉《哈佛深红报》，这些表情包来自哈佛2021届学生的脸书私聊小组，他们在这个群组里分享一些尖酸刻薄的笑话，“被哈佛录取不代表我们就不能开玩笑”。
The paper quoted a number of students from the incoming class, who had a range of responses, including two who said it was the right approach to withdraw the offers. "I do not know how those offensive images could be defended," one student said.
新生们对此事各持己见，《哈佛深红报》报道了一些学生的观点。其中有两位新生称取消这些人的入学资格是正确的。一名学生表示，“我不知道他们对这些冒犯无礼的图片有什么可辩解的”。
At least two Harvard professors, however, questioned the decision to withdraw the offers. Alan Dershowitz, an emeritus professor at Harvard Law School, told the Guardian that losing admission to Harvard was a "draconian punishment" for "very bad taste jokes that students were sending to each other".
然而，至少有两名哈佛教授对取消入学资格的做法表示质疑。哈佛大学法学院荣誉教授艾伦?德肖维茨告诉《卫报》，学生们因互相之间“开非常恶劣的玩笑”而失去哈佛的入学资格，这样的“惩罚太苛刻”。
"It sounds like Harvard is intruding too deeply into the private lives of students," said Dershowitz, who has represented a series of high-profile clients, including OJ Simpson.
“听起来，哈佛对学生的私生活管得太宽了”，曾为OJ?辛普森等多位名人做过代理律师的德肖维茨说。
"It may affect them for life," Dershowitz said.
“这可能影响他们一生。”
Harvey C Mansfield, one of Harvard's most outspoken conservative professors and the author of a book called Manliness, also told the Guardian he questioned the decision. "The bounds of what is offensive have been extended and distorted, and I no longer trust the bent judgment of politically correct enforcers."
哈维?C?曼斯菲尔德是哈佛大学最直言不讳的保守派教授，他也是《刚毅》一书的作者。曼斯菲尔德告诉《卫报》，他对这个决定存有质疑。“人们对无礼冒犯的界定已经被放大歪曲，我不再相信那些坚持政治正确的执法者做出的不公判决。”
A spokeswoman for Harvard University declined to comment on the report. "We do not comment publicly on the admissions status of individual applicants," Rachael Dane wrote in an email.
哈佛大学发言人瑞秋?戴恩拒绝对该新闻发表评论。她在邮件中写道：“我们对于个别申请人的录取情况不予置评”。
The official Facebook page for students admitted to join the Harvard Class of 2021 warns students that "Harvard College reserves the right to withdraw an offer of admission under various conditions including if an admitted student engages in behavior that brings into question his or her honesty, maturity, or moral character".
2021届哈佛待入学新生的脸书官方主页提醒学生，“如果新生在诚信、成熟度或道德品质方面存在问题，那么校方保留针对恶劣情况取消学生入学资格的权利。
Dershowitz said this guidance was too vague to provide students with any real understanding of the school's expectations. "When you punish a student seriously without articulating standards, I think it raises questions," he said.
德肖维茨称，这个说法太模糊了，学校没有提出任何具体的要求。“当学校严肃处理学生时，却不说明他们的判断标准，我认为这是有问题的。”
“These students have absolutely no free speech rights that were violated in this context."
“在这种情况下，这些学生的言论自由权利根本没有被侵犯。”
“The First Amendment’s Free Speech protections apply only to violations by public entities, and since Harvard is a private university the First Amendment does not apply,” she said.
她表示：“美国宪法第一修正案中对于言论自由的保护仅针对公共实体的违法情况，而哈佛是所私立大学，所以第一修正案根本不适用。”
"The Constitution really doesn't apply here. The Constitution limits how much government can suppress speech, not a private university," she said.
“此种情形中，宪法还真不适用。宪法限制了政府对言论的压制，但不限制私立学校。”
Meme-sharing Facebook groups have become a new college tradition, Mic reported last week, with students across the country trading inside jokes and fighting battles with rival universities via screenshot and caption.
据Mic上周报道，脸书表情包分享群组已经成为一个新兴的大学传统，全国各地的学生们用截图和配字互开玩笑，与对手学校互怼。
The names of some of these public Facebook groups, Mic reported, were "Harvard Memes for Elitist 1% Tweens", "UCLA Memes for Sick AF Tweens" and "USC Memes for Spoiled Pre-Teens".
报道称，这些公共脸书群组的名字包括，“哈佛前1%精英少年表情包群”、“UCLA超变态青少年表情包群”、“USC被宠坏的小少年表情包群”等。
The private Facebook group chat that led to offers of admission being rescinded was named, at one point, "Harvard memes for horny bourgeois teens", the Crimson reported.
《深红报》称，此次被取消入学资格的学生所在的私人脸书群组名为“哈佛饥渴猥琐资产阶级少年”。
Self-driving cars, selfie sticks, drones, touchscreen devices, e-cigarettes, jetpacks, and many other things seem like fairly modern inventions. Indeed, most of their "inventors" list them as newly invented and even go as far as seeking patents. But the fact is, many of these "inventions" have already been in existence for quite some time. They may have earlier lookalikes that ended up not going into production or that went into limited production due to one reason or another. Some also made it into full production but were recalled due to poor sales.
自动驾驶汽车，自拍杆，无人驾驶飞机，触屏设备，电子香烟，喷射背包和许多其他看起来像现代的发明的东西，其实都是老发明。大部分的"发明者"把它们当做新发明，甚至去申请专利。但事实是，这些"发明"已经存在一段时间了。它们都有早期类似的原型，这些早期产品最终没有投入生产，或因为特定原因而限量生产。而有些"发明"得以大批量生产，却因为销售不佳而流产。
10.Selfie Sticks
10.自拍杆
The first selfie stick was invented long before the first handheld mobile device was made. A selfie stick was definitely invented by the Japanese man Hiroshi Ueda in the 1980s. A photographer and worker at the Minolta camera company, Hiroshi made the selfie stick because he and his wife were unable to take pictures of themselves during a trip to Europe. (When he asked a boy to take pictures of them, the boy ran off with the camera.)
在第一部掌上移动设备发明之前，自拍杆已经问世。自拍杆其实是由一个日本男人上田宏在20世纪80年代发明的。上田宏是美能达相机公司的摄影师，他发明这个自拍杆，是因为他和妻子在欧洲旅行时无法自拍合照。（当时，他叫一个男孩帮他们拍照，那个男孩却拿着相机跑了。）
Frustrated, he invented something that would allow him take a picture of himself: He called it the "extender stick." Since the iPhone really hadn't been invented yet, a small camera was to be attached to one end of the stick. It also had a small mirror in its front so that users could see how they would look in the photograph. He patented the "extender stick" in 1983. The product was mass produced for sale but it was a commercial failure. The quality of the pictures was low. Besides, previous research showed that the women back then were embarrassed by the idea of taking pictures of themselves. The selfie stick was then reinvented by Wayne Fromm in the year 2000, three years before Hiroshi's patent expired. Fromm called his the "quik pod." He believes he is the inventor of today's selfie sticks and has even sued several other selfie stick producers. When asked about Hiroshi's selfie sticks, he said they were "prior art."
万分沮丧之下，他发明了可以允许自拍的东西：他称之为"伸缩杆"。因为智能手机还没发明出来，所以，连接在自拍杆末端的是一个微型相机。在杆的前端有一面小镜子，方便使用者调整他们在相机里的姿态。他在1983年为"伸缩杆"申请了专利。虽然自拍杆进行了大量生产出售，却属商业败笔——相片的质量比较差。另外，以前的研究表明，那时的女士会因自己有自拍的想法而感到尴尬。在2000年，自拍杆被韦恩·弗洛姆(Wayne Fromm)重新发明，那时，上田宏的"伸缩杆"专利期尚有三年。弗洛姆称他的自拍杆为"快捷豆荚"。他认为他才是当今自拍杆的发明者，甚至起诉其他自拍杆生产者。当被问到上田宏的自拍杆时，弗洛姆评论说它们是"先前的艺术"。
9.Touchscreens
9.触屏
In 2007, Apple released the first iPhone: a full touchscreen phone, complete with its own virtual keypad. To many, Apple had done something new, something never seen before. They had made the first touchscreen phone. But this was incorrect: Apple did not make the first touchscreen phone, nor was the touchscreen a new invention.
在2007年，苹果公司发布了第一款iPhone手机：带有虚拟键盘的全触屏手机。对很多人来说，苹果取得了新突破，发明了新事物--他们制造了第一款触屏手机。但这种说法是错误的：苹果不是第一个制造触屏手机的公司，触屏也不是什么新发明。
To start with, a year before the first iPhone was released, LG had introduced a full touchscreen phone. Even that was not the first, though. The world's first touchscreen phone was IBM's Simon, which was released in 1992. And touchscreen technology even predates the Simon. The first touchscreen device was a tablet made by E.A. Johnson in 1965 that was used by air traffic controllers until 1995. Bent Stumpe and Frank Beck made the first capacitive touchscreen in the early '70s. Unlike Johnson's tablet, it could not be pressed with the fingers. Instead, it required a stylus. In 1971, Samuel Hurst developed the first resistive touchscreen, which he called the "elograph." It responded to the fingers as well as a stylus. In 1985, HP invented the world's first touchscreen computer, called the HP-150. In 1993, Apple also released its first touchscreen device—the Newton Personal Digital Assistant. The product was a flop, recording low sales.
其实，在第一部iPhone手机发布的前一年，LG集团已经推出了全触屏手机。虽然那也不是第一台触屏手机。1992年，世界上第一台触屏手机IBM Simon发布。而触屏技术在"西蒙"之前已经出现。1965年，E·A·约翰逊发明了第一个触屏设备——平板电脑，截止到1995年，一直由空中交通管制员使用。本特·斯顿普和弗兰克·贝克(Frank Beck)在20世纪70年代早期发明了电容式触屏，与约翰逊所发明触屏不同的是，它不能用手指操作，而是需要使用触控笔。在1971年，山姆·赫斯特发明了第一台电阻式触屏，他称之为"电子图表"。手指和触控笔都可以对它进行操作。在1985年，惠普公司发明了世界上第一台触屏电脑H-P150。在1993年，苹果公司也发布了第一个触屏设备——牛顿个人电子助理设备。但此产品并不成功，它的销量很低。
8.Wheel Skates
8.轮滑
Wheel skates look somewhat like regular inline skates, except that the wheels are much larger, up to the size of bicycle tires. They are seen as a cross between an inline skate, a ski, and a bike. Recently, a company called Chariot Skates said they had come up with something unique—the Chariot wheel skates. According to the company, wheel skates are "revolutionary new skating products." Revolutionary? They do at least revolve. New? No. The first wheel skate was made more than 142 years ago.
轮滑看起来有点像常规的单排轮滑鞋，不过轮滑的轮非常大，尺寸大小跟自行车车轮差不多，看起来像是溜冰鞋，滑雪板和自行车的合体。最近一家名字叫作战车溜冰的公司声称，他们已经有了一些独特的想法——战车轮滑。根据该公司所说，这种轮滑是"革命性的新轮滑产品"。这是一场改革吗？也许是吧，他们至少在改进设计。这是发明吗？不是的。第一双轮滑早在142年前就已存在 。
It even featured in the March 19, 1870, issue of Scientific American magazine. Made by Thomas Luders from Olney, Illinois, and called a "pedespeed," the wheels then were much smaller, measuring around 36 centimeters (15 in) in diameter. Luders also said the skates could be used by anybody, irrespective of their physique. He himself was a large, heavy man, and he claimed he could use them for two straight hours without getting tired. Another version of wheel skates, appearing in 1923, had its tires on the inside of the foot rather than outside. (Other than the size of the wheels, the main improvement made by Chariot Skates is the small tire at the back of the bigger tire for increased stability.)
1870年3月19号，轮滑登上杂志《科学美国人》。它的制作人是伊利诺伊州奥尔尼的托马斯·呂德斯，被称作"佩德速度"，后来，轮滑的轮变得小了很多，直径约为36厘米（15英寸）。吕德斯身材高大魁梧，他说自己用轮滑一直滑2个小时也不觉得累，同时他也说每一个人都可以滑轮滑，不论他们是什么体型。另一种轮滑出现在1923年，它的轮子在脚的内侧，而非外侧。（除了轮子的尺寸不一样以外，两种轮滑最主要的差别在于：由战车溜冰公司制作的轮滑，小轮在大轮的后面，增强整个轮滑的稳定性。）
7.Drones
7.无人机
The first drone can be traced back to 1916 when British inventor Archibald Low designed and flew the first unmanned radio-controlled vehicle. The drone was made to counterattack German Zeppelin airships, and it also carried out ground attacks during World War I. It was made with wood and tin, its wings taken from the lower wing of another biplane. Overall, the drone was somewhat unsuccessful because the noise from its engine interfered with its radio. The Sopwith Aircraft Company also tried making a drone in 1916. They placed the radio equipment at the tail so that the engine would not interfere with its signal, but their drone never flew as it was damaged in an accident on the ground. Low would try flying his drone again in 1917 when he flew it in front of some senior military officers. It was launched from the back of a lorry and flew for some time before crashing due to engine failure, almost killing the military officers present.
第一架无线电操纵的无人驾驶飞机可追溯到1916年。英国发明家阿奇博尔德·洛设计并试飞了第一架无人遥控飞机。它是为了反攻德国齐柏林飞艇而制作的，在第一次世界大战中参与了对地面攻击的战斗。无人机由木和锡制成，它的机翼用的是其他双翼飞机的较低机翼。总的来说，无人机是有些失败的，因为它的引擎噪音干扰了无线操作。1916年，索普威斯飞松公司也尝试制作无人机，他们将无线电设备放置在无人机的尾部，这样引擎就不会干扰到它的信号。但因一次地面上的意外事故，他们的无人机再未起飞：当洛操作无人机飞到高级军官面前时，他原本计划会在1917年再次试飞无人机。但无人机从卡车的后面发射后，飞了一段时间便因引擎故障而坠毁，差点要了在场的军官的命。
6.Head-Mounted Computer Displays
6.头戴式电脑出现
In 2012, Google introduced Google Glass, a computer you can wear on your face. Someone wearing the glasses can be walking down the street or doing any everyday task while simultaneously seeing an overlay of calendar appointments, messages, and subway alerts. They can make video calls and even upload live videos to the Internet while on the move, without ever needing to use their hands. Google Glass might be cool, it might be new, it might be revolutionary, but it's definitely not the first pair of wearable computer glasses.
2012年，谷歌发明了谷歌眼镜，一台你能戴在你脸上的电脑。在街上行走或者进行每天的任务的时候戴着它，可以同步看一些覆盖在眼镜上的日程会议，短信及地铁警戒等信息。戴着它行走的时候，可以用它们打视频电话，甚至把直播视频上传到网络，这一切都不需要动手。谷歌眼镜可能挺酷的，挺新颖，还有创新性，但是它绝对不是第一副可佩戴的电脑眼镜。
The first wearable computer glasses were made by Edward Thorp and Claude Shannon in 1961. In 1968, Ivan Sutherland made the "Sword of Damocles." It was the first head-mounted computer display and an early variant of all wearable computer glasses we have today. In 1980, Steve Mann, known today as the father of wearable computing, made the "WearComp", a pair of tech-enhanced glasses that was capable of communicating wirelessly with other computers and could share videos. He continued to work on the glasses over the years, and by 1999, he had come up with a pair of glasses that looked like Google Glass, or rather, that Google Glass looks like. He called it the "EyeTap."
1961年，爱德华·索普和克劳德·香农共同研制出第一副可佩戴的电脑眼镜。1968年，伊凡·苏泽兰制造出了"达摩克里斯的利剑"。这是第一台头戴式电脑，也是今天我们所有头戴式电脑的鼻祖。1980年，史蒂夫·曼恩，被称为"头戴式电脑之父"，制造出了"可穿戴式电脑"，这种电子增强型的眼镜，可以与其他电脑进行无线沟通以及共享视频。接下来的几年，他在眼镜领域继续研究，而在1999年时，他制造出了一副很像谷歌眼镜的眼镜，或者说谷歌眼镜的原型。他叫它做"电子眼镜"。
来源：前十网
5.E-Cigarettes
5.电子烟
E-cigarettes first started becoming popular in 2012. They work by heating a nicotine fluid to mimic a real cigarette. Their invention is usually credited to Chinese pharmacist Hon Lik, who reportedly created it after he dreamed that he was drowning in a cloud of vapor. His father had died of lung cancer caused by cigarettes. He himself was an unrepentant smoker who had unsuccessfully tried quitting by using a nicotine patch.
2012年，电子烟开始流行，它们的工作原理是通过加热尼古丁的液体，模拟真实的烟。很多人认为电子烟是中国的制药商韩力发明的，他说梦到自己在烟雾缭绕的蒸气中快要窒息后，发明了电子烟。他的父亲死于吸烟引起的肺癌。他自己也是一个不折不扣的瘾君子，他曾尝试使用尼古丁贴片来戒烟，但失败了。
The fact is, Hon Lik is not the first person to invent the e-cigarette. Way back in 1963, Herbert Gilbert made the world's first device that could be used to inhale tobacco-flavored air. In Gilbert's original version, there was no form of combustion and it was free of nicotine. He later designed a prototype that used a battery to create heat. He also used different flavors of water to create steam. He presented his prototypes to different chemical, pharmaceutical, and tobacco companies, but they simply turned down his prototypes.
事实是，韩力不是第一个发明电子烟的人。早在1963年，赫尔伯特·吉尔伯特就制造出了世界上第一个可以用来吸入香烟味儿空气的装置。他最初的发明装置，不用燃烧，也不含尼古丁。他后来设计出了一个用电池去加热的模型，他也用了不同味道的水去制造蒸气。他把他的电子烟模型展示给不同的化工、制药以及烟草公司，但是他们都没有理会他的模型。
4.Autonomous Cars
4.无人驾驶的汽车
Also called self-driving cars, autonomous cars have been making the news recently. Chief among them are Google's self-driving cars. Google's driverless cars have traveled over 480,000 kilometers (300,000 mi) with only two accidents, both of which were caused by humans. But self-driving cars aren't new. In fact, their concepts have arguably been around since the days of Leonardo da Vinci, who invented a spring-powered cart with a programmable steering device.
最近，无人驾驶汽车的新闻屡见报端，它也叫做自动驾驶汽车。谷歌的自动驾驶汽车是此行业的领头羊，已行驶48万千米（30万英里），仅发生过两次交通事故，还都是人为因素造成的。事实上，无人驾驶汽车并不是新奇事物，早在达·芬奇发明以弹簧发条作驱动带内置预设程序的马车时，自动驾驶的概念便名噪一时。
More recently, however, General Motors made a self-driving car in 1958 that adjusted its steering wheel based on the alternating currents given off by a wire placed inside the road. While the vehicle did actually drive itself, it does not qualify as the first autonomous vehicle because it depended on wires placed inside the ground. The world's first autonomous vehicle was made by S. Tsugawa and several of his colleagues at Japan's Tsukuba Mechanical Engineering Laboratory. However, German engineer Ernst Dickinson is regarded as the pioneer of the autonomous car. In 1987, he developed the VaMoRs which was capable of traveling more than 90 kilometers per hour (55 mph) for about 20 kilometers (12 mi). Seven years later, he made the VaMP, which could recognize road signs, know its own position in a lane, detect other vehicles, and even decide when to change lanes. And a year after that, he and his team made another autonomous vehicle which traveled from Germany to Denmark. The vehicle had a maximum speed of 180 kilometers per hour (111 mph) and was controlled by a human for about 5 percent of the journey.
后来，通用汽车在1958年设计出一款无人驾驶汽车，其原理是：由线圈感知道路中所嵌入电线的交流电信号，并相应地调整方向盘。然而汽车确实能自主驾驶，但并不能称为第一辆全自动驾驶汽车，因为它必须依赖嵌在地面的电线。在日本的筑波机械工程实验室，津川和他的几个同事发明了世界上第一辆自动驾驶汽车。然而，德国工程师恩斯特·迪克斯被称为无人驾驶汽车的先驱。1987年，他发明的"极速"，时速超过90千米（56英里/小时），行驶了大约20千米（12分钟）。7年后，他发明的VaMP，不但可以识别道路标记，而且能定位自己在车道内的位置，还能勘测其他车辆，甚至能判断何时该变道。一年后，他和他的团队发明的自动驾驶汽车，从德国行驶到丹麦，最高时速为180千米（111英里/小时）。整段旅程中，仅有5%左右的路程是人为驾驶。
3.Flying Bicycles
3.会飞的自行车
A few years back, a flying bicycle called the "Paravelo" was invented. And it isn't called a flying bicycle for fun. It is a bicycle (with a large parachute on top) that actually flies. It travels around 25 kilometers per hour (15 mph) on land and 40 kilometers per hour (25 mph) in the air. It can also fly up to a height of 1,200 meters (4,000 ft). The best part? You don't need a pilot's license. The Paravelo has been called the world's first flying bicycle, a title we must point out it does not really own.
几年前，有人发明了一辆会飞的自行车，叫做"Paravelo"。称一辆自行车会飞，并不是开玩笑，而是这辆自行车真的会飞（车头有一个巨大的降落伞）。它在陆地和空中的时速分别为25千米（15英里）和40千米（25英里），可飞至1200米（4000英尺）高空。最棒的地方是什么呢？那就是你不需要有飞行驾照。Paravelo号称世界上第一辆会飞的自行车，但我们必须指出它并不是第一辆会飞的自行车。
The world's first flying bicycle flew on November 9, 1961, when Derek Pigott of the University of Southampton flew in a bicycle with an airplane-like body. It was called the Southampton University Man Powered Aircraft (sumpac). Derek furiously pedaled the air-bike to get it off the ground. It then flew 1.8 meters (about 6 ft) above the ground over a distance of 64 meters (210 ft). While the flight was short and slow, it still does not change the fact that it was the first bicycle to fly and at the same time, the first human-powered flight.
1961年11月9日，扬妮克?里德在南安普顿大学上空骑着一辆形状非常像飞机的自行车——世界上第一辆会飞的自行车诞生了。这辆自行车被称为南安普顿大学的人力飞机（塞桑普顿大学号）。为使自行车飞离地面，德里克刚开始猛烈地踩脚踏板，然后自行车在离地面1.8米（6英尺）的高处飞行，最终飞行了64米（210英尺）。即使飞行速度很缓慢，飞行距离也很短，但这仍是第一辆会飞的自行车，同时，也是第一辆"人力飞车"。
2.Jetpacks
2.喷气背包
In 2010, the Martin Aircraft Company introduced a jetpack it called "the world's first piratical jetpack." The jetpack even won a spot in Time's Top 50 Inventions of 2010. While its development has been on since 1981, the world's first jetpack is known to have flown in 1958. It was designed by Wendell Moore, a researcher at Bells Aerosystems. Early prototypes of Wendell's jetpack could reach a height of 5 meters (16 ft) and remain airborne for three minutes. This attracted the attention of the US Army, which funded the project with $150,000. Several test flights were later done for the US Army and even for JFK himself. The army later stopped paying for more research into the project because the flight time and distance were not convincing enough. NASA also wanted to use the jetpack for their Apollo 11 mission to serve as backups in case their lunar module malfunctioned. They later changed their minds, going for the lunar rover instead. After this setback, Bell discontinued further research on the jetpack.
2010年，马丁飞行器公司推出的喷气背包号称"世界上第一个盗版喷气背包"。这个喷气背包甚至还被列入《时代周刊》"2010年度50强发明"之一，因为众所周知世界上第一个喷气背包是在1958年发明的，且自1981年来一直在发展。喷气背包由温德尔·穆尔设计，他是贝尔空间系统公司的研究员。温德尔设计的喷气背包的早期模型飞行高度可达5米（16英尺），飞行时间为3分钟。这一点引起了美国军队的注意，美国军队便为这一项目投资了15万美元。后来，还特地为美国军队做了些试飞飞行器，也为肯尼迪总统做了飞行器。之后，因为飞行时间和飞行距离有限，美国军队取消了对这个项目后续研究的投资。美国航天局也想用喷气背包为阿波罗11号任务做支援，以防登机舱出故障。但之后还是改变了想法，改用了月球车。贝尔经历了这个挫折后，停止了对飞行器的进一步研究。
1.Bladeless Fans
1.无叶风扇
Simply put, bladeless fans are fans without blades. They work by sucking in air at their base and then blowing them out through several holes in their ring. The fan is reported to have been invented by James Dyson, who calls it the "Air Multiplier." Just like the flying jetpack, it earned a spot in Time's list of notable inventions of 2009. And just like the jetpack, it was not the first of its kind. The first bladeless fan was actually patented in 1981 by a Japanese company called Tokyo Shiba Electric. Although Tokyo Shiba's bladeless fan was never manufactured, James Dyson's initial design of a bladeless fan design looked so similar to that of Tokyo Shiba Electric that the patent office refused to grant him a patent. The patent granted to Tokyo Shiba had already expired, but the patent office still required something substantially different before it could grant a new patent to James Dyson. Dyson's patent manager, Gill Smith, did not deny the similarities between both bladeless fans but said the difference between them was the "technology."
简言之，无叶风扇就是没有叶片的风扇。它的工作原理是先将空气吸入风扇基座内部，然后通过扇头环形上的洞将空气吹出。这款风扇据说是詹姆斯·戴森发明的，并命名为"气流倍增器"。就像可以飞行的喷气背包一样，无叶风扇被《时代周刊》评为"2009年度伟大发明"之一，同样它也不是世界上第一个无叶风扇。实际上，第一个无叶风扇于1981年被日本的东京芝区电力公司获得专利。尽管东京芝区电力公司的无叶风扇并没有用于生产制造，但詹姆斯的无叶风扇的原始设计与其设计相似，所以专利局拒绝授予詹姆斯这个专利。尽管授予东京芝区电力公司的专利已经过期，但在授予詹姆斯这项新专利之前，专利局需要他提供该设计的创新之处。詹姆斯的经理吉尔·斯密斯并没有否认这两种无叶风扇间的相似性，只是说两者间的差异在于所用"科技"不同。
来源：前十网
A child prodigy with an IQ higher than Albert Einstein is celebrating becoming a unique member of Mensa. Nishi Uggalle, ten, is one of the youngest people in the country to score the highest possible mark of 162 in the IQ society's supervised testing.
一位智商比爱因斯坦还高的天才儿童正庆祝自己成为门萨的特殊会员。这位小姑娘是妮诗·尤佳拉，今年10岁，在门萨智商测试中拿到了162分的高分，是英国得分最高且最年轻的参试者之一。
The Mensa Supervised IQ Test can only be taken by children aged over ten-and-a-half and consists of two separate industry-standard assessments. One measures mainly verbal reasoning skills and the other, which includes diagrams and images, assesses visual and spatial logic. And Nishi, from Audenshaw in Tameside, scored the highest possible mark of 162 in the first test – known as the Cattell III B score. She scored 142 in the second element, the Culture Fare Scale, with the results putting her in the top one per cent of the nation in terms of IQ. Anyone scoring a percentile of two in any Mensa test is admitted to the society.
门萨智商测试的参试者必须是超过十岁半的儿童，测试包括两部分独立的行业标准评估。一部分主要测试语言推理能力;而另一部分包含表格和图形，测试视觉和空间逻辑能力。而来自坦姆赛德的妮诗在第一部分卡特尔III B测试中得到了最高的162分，在第二部分的文化能力量表(Culture Fare Scale)中得到了142分，该测试结果使她名列英国智商最高的前1%人群，而门萨测试成绩前2%的参试者都可以成为门萨会员。
The controlled test takes two-and-a-half hours and, according to theories, Nishi's score and subsequentIQ of 162 would be two points higher than famous physicist Einstein.
测试采用闭卷形式，长达两个半小时。理论上说，妮诗的测试成绩以及由此推算出的162分智商比大名鼎鼎的物理学家爱因斯坦还要高2分。
The former pupil at Audenshaw's Poplar Street Primary is studying at Withington Girls' School and starts at Altrincham Grammar School for Girls in September. She lives with her parents, Neelanga and Shiromi, who moved to Manchester from Sri Lanka in 2001. Dad Neelanga, 44, praised Nishi's first teachers at Poplar Street Primary. He said: 'We knew very early on that she was gifted. She started reading and writing very early and was became very good at mathematics. We gave her challenging, interesting things to do. As a parent, you do not want their talents to be wasted, but there has to be a balance with their childhood. She is just a normal 10-year-old, just like any other 10-year-old really. She loves reading, cycling and walking, and we're all very proud of her.'
妮诗原来就读于奥顿肖杨树街小学，现在就读于威辛顿女子学校，今年九月会进入奥尔特林厄姆女子语法学校。她与父母尼朗加和施若咪一起生活， 2001年，一家三口从斯里兰卡搬到了曼彻斯特。44岁的父亲尼朗加称赞妮诗在杨树街小学的启蒙老师们功不可没。他说：“我们很早就知道她有天赋，她很小就开始阅读和写字，而且非常擅长数学计算。我们让她做一些有挑战又有趣味的事。作为父母，你不想让孩子的天赋荒废掉，但是在他们的童年时期又需要平衡。她只是一个普通的10岁小孩，真的就像任何其他的10岁小孩。她喜欢阅读、骑车、散步，我们都为她感到骄傲。”
John Stevenage, chief executive of British Mensa, said he was delighted for Nishi. He said: 'I hope she will make full use of her membership to meet new, like-minded people and challenge herself. Joining Mensa opens the door to an international network of more than 100,000 people and many members make friends for life.
英国门萨首席执行官约翰·斯蒂门尼奇说他为妮诗感到高兴。他说：“我希望她能充分利用好成为门萨会员的机会，结交志趣相投的新朋友，不断挑战自己。加入门萨，就为你打开了一扇大门。门萨是一个会员超过10万人的世界网络，很多会员会成为终生好友。”
The film version of the popular television series "Legend of Sword and Fairy", also known as Chinese Paladin starts shooting in Zhejiang Province today.
深受大众喜爱的电视连续剧《仙剑奇侠传》的电影版本于今日在浙江正式开拍。
The film is shot to mark the tenth anniversary of the television series, first released in 2005.
这部电影也是为了纪念2005年电视剧发行十周年而拍摄的。
It's been confirmed that Hu Ge who took the leading role of "Li Xiaoyao" will join the cast of the film, while the name of female lead has not yet been revealed.
目前已经得到证实的是，胡歌将会加盟该电影，继续出演主角“李逍遥”，而女主角的扮演者暂时还未透露。
Both the film and the television series are adapted from the Taiwan action role-playing game of the same name which was developed by Softstar Entertainment. The game is considered by many as simply one of the best Chinese RPG's ever created.
无论是电视剧，还是正在拍摄的电影版本，都是改编自台湾大宇公司旗下著名的角色扮演游戏(RPG)《仙剑奇侠传》系列。这款电子游戏也被许多玩家视为中国最棒的角色扮演游戏。
Since its first release in 1995, many new versions and sequels have been created. However, fans say none could replace the breath-taking and tragic tale of the original.
自从1995年游戏第一次面世以来，续集和新版本在之后也接踵而来。但是，对于许多仙剑迷来说，《仙剑1》激动人心又充满悲伤的故事情节是其他任何版本也代替不了的。
The drama and the original game have a large fan base and enjoy great popularity in China, and even elsewhere in Asia.
无论是电视剧版的《仙剑》，还是原作游戏，都不仅仅是在中国有着大量的粉丝且深受欢迎，在亚洲其他地方也是如此。
1.take hard classes
学习有难度的课程
Be passionate about learning.
对学习充满热情
I once had an advisor that said to me when I expressed fear of a difficult class, "Do you want to get an education or not?"
当我表示自己对一门很难的课程十分害怕时，我的指导老师问我：“那你还想不想接受教育呢？”
2.Show Up, Every Time
展示自己，每时每刻
Make your classes your highest priority.
将学习放在最重要的位置
If you've got children, I understand that this isn't always possible. Children should always come first. But if you don't show up for your classes, you're not getting that education we discussed in No. 1.
如果你已经为人父母，我能够理解，这是不太可能的。你会将孩子放在更重要的位置。但是，如果你没有在课堂上展示自己，那么你也就没有做到我们在第一点里讨论的内容。
Make sure you've got a good plan for seeing that your children are cared for when you're scheduled to be in class, and when you need to study. It really is possible to raise children while you're going to school. People do it every day.
当你报名了学习某门课程时并要开始学习时，你要确保自己已经将孩子安顿周全。学习和照顾孩子兼顾是人之常情。每天都有人做着这样的事。
3.Sit in the Front Row
坐在前排
If you happen to be shy, sitting in the front row can be very uncomfortable at first, but I promise you, it's one of the best ways to pay attention to everything being taught. You can hear better. You can see everything on the board without having to crane your neck around the head in front of you.
如果你是一个腼腆的人，那么一开始坐在前排可能会让你有点不自在。但是，我向你保证，这是接受老师传授的内容的最好的办法之一。你也可以听得更清楚。不用伸长脖子，你就可以看到黑板上所有的内容。
You can make eye contact with the professor. Don't underestimate the power of this. If your teacher knows you're really listening and that you care about what you're learning, he or she will be extra willing to help you. Besides, it'll feel like you've got your own private teacher.
你可以和老师有眼神接触。不要小看这一点起到的作用。如果你的老师总是能够知道，你是很认真的在听他讲课，并且很重视学习的话，他可能会对你提供额外的帮助。除此之外，这会使你感觉，自己又多了一位私人教师。
4.Ask Questions
提问
Ask questions immediately if you don't understand something. If you're in the front row and have been making eye contact, your instructor probably already knows by the look on your face that you don't understand something. A polite raising of your hand is all you need to do to indicate you've got a question.
如果你对某个内容不懂，就可以立即提问。如果你坐在前排，并和老师有眼神交流，你的老师就很可能从你的面部表情就能得知，你对某个内容不太明白。你需要举起你的手，表示你有疑问。
If it isn't appropriate to interrupt, make a quick note of your question so you don't forget, and ask later.
如果此时打断老师讲课不太合适，你可以快速记下自己的问题，以免忘记，之后再问老师。
Having said this, don't make a pest of yourself. Nobody wants to hear you ask a question every 10 minutes. If you're completely lost, make an appointment to see your teacher after class.
说到这一点，你要注意的是，不要影响其他的人。没有人想每隔十分钟就听到你提问一次。如果你实在是不懂的话，可以在课后约上老师再讨论。
5.Create a Study Space
创造一个学习空间
Carve out a place at home that is your study space. If you've got a family around you, make sure everyone understands that when you're in that space, you're not to be interrupted unless the house is on fire.
在家里创造一个属于自己的学习空间。如果身边家人都在身边，你就要确保大家都明白你是在里面学习，除非房子着火，他们是不会打扰到你的。
Create a space that helps you make the most of your study time. Do you need absolute quiet or do you prefer to have loud music playing? Do you like working at the kitchen table in the midst of everything or do you a quiet room with the door shut? Know your own style and create the space you need.
创造一个学习空间，来帮助你最大限度地利用好学习时间。你是喜欢绝对的安静，抑或吵闹的音乐呢？你是喜欢在餐桌上办公，还是想关上门创造了一个安静的空间。理解你喜欢的类型，并创造属于自己的空间。
6.Do All the Work, Plus More
完成所有的事，甚至更多
Do your homework. Read the assigned pages, and then some. Plug your topic into the Internet, grab another book at the library, and see what else you can learn about the subject.
完成家庭作业，阅读指定的内容，以及其他的事。在网络上查找关于你的学习主题的内容，在图书馆看看书，再看看还可以学到哪些关于主题的内容。
Turn your work in on time. If extra credit work is offered, do that too.
准时完成你的工作。即使还有额外的任务，也要如此。
I know this takes time, but it'll ensure you really know your stuff. And that's why you're going to school. Right?
我知道，这是需要时间的，但是这会使你更加了解自己所做的事。这也会是你到学校学习的原因，对吧？
7.Make Practice Tests
完成实践测试
While you're studying, pay attention to the material you know will be on a test and write a quick practice question. Start a new document on your laptop and add questions as you think of them.
在你学习的时候，你要留意会考到的内容，并快速写下实践问题。在笔记本电脑上新建一个文件夹，并将你的问题添加进去。
8.Form or Join a Study Group
组建或加入一个学习小组
A lot of people study better with others. If that's you, form a study group in your class or join one that's already organized.
许多人和伙伴一起学习效果会更好。如果你也是这样的话，可以在班上组建一个学习小组，或者加入一个已有的小组。
There are lots of benefits to studying in a group. You have to be organized. You can't procrastinate. You have to really understand something to be able to explain it out loud to someone else.
许多人在学习小组中受益良多。你得有条有理地进行，不能拖延时间。你要将学习的内容彻底消化，并能够向别人复述出来。
9.Use One Planner
制定计划
I don't know about you, but if I had a separate calendar for work, school and life, I'd be a complete mess. When everything in your life is on one calendar, in one planner, you can't double-book anything. You know, like an important test and a dinner with your boss.
我不了解你是什么样的情况，但是如果我根据工作，生活和生活各自准备一个日历，我会手忙脚乱的。如果你生活中所有的事都记在一个日历上，在一个计划中，你就不能重复安排任何事了，就像一个重要的测试或者和老板的晚餐一样。
10.Meditate
冥想
One of the best things you can do to improve your entire life, not just school, is meditate. Fifteen minutes a day is all you need to feel calm, centered and confident.
想要改善自己的生活，而不只是学业，最好的方法之一就是冥想。每天花上十五分钟，静下心来，集中注意力并充满自信。
Meditate any time, but 15 minutes before you study, 15 minutes before class, 15 minutes before a test, and you'll be amazed at how well you can perform as a student.
你可以在任何时候进行冥想，但你可以在学习之前的15分钟，上课前的15分钟，考试前的15分钟进行冥想，你就会自己身为学生的良好表现而感到惊讶了。
Another slowdown in food prices pulled Chinese inflation lower in October, according to the National Bureau of Statistics.
中国国家统计局数据显示，10月份，食品价格的再次放缓拉低了中国的通胀率。
China's consumer price inflation decelerated to just 1.3 per cent year-on-year last month, the slowest rate since May. On a month-to-month basis inflation fell by 0.3 per cent, the first negative reading since May.
10月份，中国居民消费价格总水平(CPI)同比涨幅降至1.3%，为今年5月以来的最低涨幅；环比下降0.3%，为今年5月以来的首次环比下降。
Economists had forecast a 1.5 per cent annual rate, after a 1.6 per cent reading in September. Beijing's inflation target is "around 3 per cent" this year.
9月份CPI录得1.6%的同比涨幅后，经济学家曾预测10月份的同比涨幅为1.5%。中国政府为今年全年设定的通胀目标为“3%左右”。
Low inflation reflects weakening demand and doesn't inspire confidence about the economic shift from manufacturing to consumption, yet at the same time it should allow Beijing to enact stimulus should it seek to support the economy further .
低通胀反映出需求趋弱，不利于人们增强对经济转型（从侧重制造业转向侧重消费）的信心，但另一方面，这种局面为中国政府实施刺激措施留出了空间——假如它希望为经济提供更大支持的话。
The main culprit for the deceleration was food, though food inflation is higher than the overall index. Food prices were up 1.9 per cent in October, down from 2.7 per cent in September and 3.7 per cent in August. Non-food inflation ticked down 0.9 per cent from 1.0 per cent.
CPI涨幅放缓主要是由食品价格导致的，尽管食品价格涨幅仍高于总体涨幅。10月份，食品价格同比上涨1.9%，低于9月份的2.7%和8月份的3.7%。非食品价格涨幅从1.0%降至0.9%。
"Wholesale food prices suggest that pork, vegetable and fruit price inflation all eased last month," said Capital Economics before the figures came out. "
“食品批发价格显示，上月，猪肉、蔬菜和水果的价格上涨都有所放缓，”凯投宏观(Capital Economics)在CPI数据公布前表示。
Meanwhile, producer prices were deflating at a rate of -5.9 per cent, a six-year low, for a third straight month.
另一方面，10月份工业生产者出厂价格(PPI)连续第3个月同比下降5.9%。
The PPI has been negative for 44 consecutive months, reflecting excess supply of housing materials and raw materials, and overcapacity in heavy industry.
PPI已连续下降44个月，反映出建房材料和原料的供应过剩，以及重工业的产能过剩。
China’s trade with the rest of the world fell sharply in October from a year earlier, with imports of raw materials particularly hard hit as slowing Chinese investment feeds through into weaker demand in the world’s biggest trader of goods.
中国与世界其他地区的贸易10月同比大幅下滑，原材料进口受到尤其沉重的打击，中国投资放缓削弱了这个全球最大商品贸易国的需求。
Chinese imports fell 18.8 per cent in October from the same month a year earlier, a slight improvement from the 20.4 per cent year-on-year fall in September. Sharply lower prices of oil and other commodities also helped scythe the bill.
10月中国进口同比下降18.8%，降幅较9月的20.4%略有改善。石油和其他大宗商品价格大幅走低也帮助压低了进口总值。
Exports declined 6.9 per cent in October from a year earlier, deteriorating from the 3.7 per cent fall the previous month as weak global demand and higher Chinese costs led to slumping shipments of the cheap Chinese goods that have flowed to the world in the last decade.
10月中国出口同比下降6.9%，较上月3.7%的降幅有所恶化。疲弱的全球需求和中国成本上涨导致过去10年期间从中国大量流向世界的廉价商品减少。
At the start of the year, the ruling Communist party set a target of 6 per cent growth in trade for this year but total trade has now fallen by just over 8 per cent in the first ten months of 2015 compared with the same period a year earlier.
今年初，执政的共产党设定了今年贸易增长6%的目标，但2015年头十个月的贸易总额同比下降逾8%。
“Soft domestic demand and the decline in commodity prices continued to weigh on China’s import growth,” said Liu Li-gang, an economist at ANZ bank. “Looking ahead, China’s export sector will continue to face significant headwinds.”
“疲软的国内需求和大宗商品价格下跌继续拖累中国的进口增长，”澳新银行(ANZ bank)经济学家刘利刚表示。“展望未来，中国的出口行业仍将面临一些重大不利因素。”
Much of the decline in Chinese imports stems from lower commodity prices, which in turn are a result of falling overall demand from China, long the world’s biggest consumer of materials such as iron ore, coal and copper.
中国进口下降在很大程度上源于大宗商品价格走低，而后者反过来又是中国总体需求下降的结果。中国已经多年是铁矿石、煤炭、铜等材料的世界最大消费国。
Stripping out price, volumes of Chinese imports in October fell a more modest 2.6 per cent from a year earlier, according to estimates from Oxford Economics.
据牛津经济研究院(Oxford Economics)估算，若剔除价格影响，中国10月进口量同比降幅为2.6%。
The fall in demand for industrial bulk commodities was particularly pronounced. Huge oversupply in China’s real estate and manufacturing sectors has damped investment in new capacity in recent months, denting demand for all kinds of raw materials.
对工业大宗商品需求的下降尤为明显。中国房地产和制造业的严重供应过剩在近几个月抑制了对新产能的投资，进而削弱了对各种原材料的需求。
Iron ore imports fell 12.3 per cent by volume in October from the previous month and 4.9 per cent from the same month a year earlier while coal imports were down 21.4 per cent from September and 30.7 per cent from a year earlier, according to Chinese customs data.
根据中国海关的数据，10月铁矿石进口量较上月环比下降12.3%，同比下降4.9%，而煤炭进口环比下降21.4%，同比下降30.7%。
Analysts say headline import figures may start to improve in the coming months since commodity price falls were particularly pronounced at the end of 2014, which will mean smaller year-on-year falls in Chinese imports in value terms.
分析师们表示，未来几个月整体进口数据可能开始好转，因为大宗商品价格下跌在2014年底尤为显著，这将意味着按价值计算的中国进口同比降幅较小。
Meanwhile, exports are expected to continue falling due to the combination of weak global demand and higher prices, as well as China’s decision to effectively re-peg the renminbi to the strengthening dollar.
与此同时，预计出口将继续下降，原因是全球需求疲软而价格上涨，以及中国实际上决定让人民币汇率再度盯住正在走强的美元。
Despite an abortive attempt in August to devalue the renminbi — a move that rocked global markets and was quickly abandoned by Beijing — China’s trade-weighted exchange rate was 8.5 per cent stronger in September than a year earlier, making Chinese exports less competitive.
尽管曾在8月份做出让人民币贬值的不了了之的尝试（此举震撼了全球市场，很快就被北京方面放弃），但9月份中国的贸易加权汇率同比上升8.5%，这意味着中国出口产品的竞争力有所减弱。
“Given the unfavourable reaction to the August depreciation, we think any further depreciation will not take place soon,” said Louis Kuijs, an economist at Oxford Economics based in Hong Kong. “In our view the October trade data keep pressure on [the government] for more domestic easing.”
“考虑到8月贬值行动引发负面反应，我们认为近期不会出台进一步的贬值，”常驻香港的牛津经济研究院经济学家高路易(Louis Kuijs)表示。“我们认为10月的贸易数据将继续（使政府）面临压力，要求其在国内出台更多宽松政策。”
In the first 10 months of the year, Chinese exports to the US were up 5.2 per cent from the same period in 2014, while exports to countries in Asean were up 3.7 per cent, according to Chinese customs figures.
根据中国海关的数据，今年头十个月，中国对美国出口同比增长5.2%，对东盟(Asean)国家出口同比增长3.7%。
Exports to the EU, Japan and Hong Kong — which serves as a transit point for exports to many other parts of the world — fell by 4.1 per cent, 9.5 per cent and 12.2 per cent respectively.
对欧盟、日本和香港（香港是中国向世界其它很多地区出口的一个中转站）出口分别下跌4.1%、9.5%和12.2%。
WASHINGTON: Indiahas trimmed its holdings of US government securities to $77.5 billion at the end of October even as the world's largest economyis expanding at a moderate pace.
华盛顿：到十月份底，印度减持美国政府债券到775亿美元，尽管作为世界上最大经济体的美国的经济在稳步的上升。
Apart from India, other BRICS nations -- Brazil, Russia, China and South Africa -- cut down their holdings of American government securities.
除了印度，其他金砖国家——巴西，俄罗斯，中国和南非——也削减了对美国政府债券的持有。
Latest data from the US Treasury Department shows that India held securitie sworth $80 billion in September and further reduced its exposure to $77.5billion in October -- which is also a three-month low.
美国财政部门最新数据表明印度九月份持有的美国政府债券达到800亿美元，十月份减持美国政府债券到775亿美元——这也是三个月来的最低点。
In August, the holdings were to the tune of $80.4 billion while it stood at $79.7 billion in July.
8月份，印度所持有的美国政府债券为804亿美元，7月份则为797亿美元。
Interestingly, BRICS bloc has reduced their exposure to these securities at a time when America's economic activity is expanding at a moderate rate.
有趣的是，金砖国家减持美国政府债券之时正值美国经济活动缓慢回升之际。
While China remains the largest holder of American government securities, it cut down exposure to USD 1.25 trillion in October.
中国依然是美国政府债券的最大持有人，10月份中国也减持到1.25万亿美元。
During the same period, Braziland Russia slashed their holdings to USD 261.7 billion and USD 108.9 billion,respectively.
同期，巴西和俄罗斯分别减持到2617亿美元和1089亿美元。
In October, South Africa brought down its holdings of US government securities to USD 10.3 billion.
10月份，南非减持美国政府债券到103亿美元。
The United States saw its real GDP increase at an annual rate of 3.9 per cent in the three months ended September,according to official data released last month.
美国的实际GDP在7-9月份内比去年同期增长了3.9%，这是官方上个月发布的数据。
China’s official producer price index rose 1.2 per cent year-on-year in October, according to the National Bureau of Statistics, marking the second straight month of rising prices after 53 months of annualised contraction finally ended in September.
中国国家统计局(NBS)数据显示，今年10月中国工业生产者出厂价格指数(PPI)同比上涨1.2%，这是该指数连续第二个月同比上涨，此前53个月的下跌最终是在今年9月画上句号的。
A median forecast from economists had predicted a 0.9 per cent rise.
经济学家的预期中值为同比上涨0.9%。
That comes in spite of official figures released on Tuesday showing China’s exports had contracted for a second straight month in October, suggesting domestic demand is the main driver of price gains for producers.
周二发布的官方数据显示，中国的出口在今年10月出现了连续第二个月收缩，这表明内需是PPI上涨的主要推动因素。
Month-on-month producer prices rose 0.7 per cent, up from 0.5 per cent in September.
10月份的PPI环比上涨了0.7%，高于9月份0.5%的环比涨幅。
In an explanation released alongside the latest data, the statistics bureau credited ongoing growth in producer prices in part to coal extraction and washing prices, up 15.4 per cent for the period and accelerating 11.3 percentage points from a month earlier.
国家统计局在发布最新数据的同时进行了解读，它将PPI连续上涨部分归因于煤炭开采和洗选业价格同比上涨15.4%，这一涨幅比上月扩大11.3个百分点。
Consumer prices continued to rebound from an August dip, accelerating 0.2 percentage points to 2.1 per cent year on year, bang-on analysts’ median forecast.
居民消费价格指数(CPI)继续从8月份的低点反弹，10月份，CPI同比上涨2.1%，涨幅比上月扩大0.2个百分点，并与分析师的预期中值相符。
Pork prices, which are heavily weighted in the food-focused basket of goods used to calculate consumer inflation, rose 4.8 per cent.
猪肉价格同比上涨4.8%。猪肉在用来计算CPI的以食品为主的一篮子商品中占有较大权重。
Vegetable price growth more than doubled to 13 per cent year on year, helping push food inflation to 3 per cent, up from 2.7 per cent in September.
鲜菜价格同比上涨13%，助推食品价格同比上涨3.7%，涨幅比上月扩大0.5个百分点。
But the statistics bureau attributed the overall rise in CPI chiefly to a base effect resulting from low prices a year prior.
但国家统计局认为，CPI上涨的主要原因是去年同期对比基数相对偏低。
In month-on-month terms, consumer prices fell 0.1 per cent after having risen 0.7 per cent a month earlier.
10月份，CPI环比下降了0.1%，9月份则环比上涨了0.7%。
Growth in the key sectors driving China’s economy softened last month, according to official gauges tracking activity at manufacturing, services and construction businesses.
追踪制造业、服务业和建筑业商务活动的官方指标显示，10月份这几个驱动中国经济的关键行业的增长有所放缓。
The manufacturing purchasing managers’ index published by China’s National Bureau of Statistics slipped to 51.6 in October, coming in below a median forecast of 52 from economists surveyed by Reuters and closer to the 50-point line delineating expansion from contraction.
中国国家统计局发布的10月份制造业采购经理指数(PMI)降至51.6，比路透(Reuters)调查的经济学家给出的预测中值52要低，离荣枯分界线50更近。
The reading represented a fall of 0.4 points from September and a sub-index on output for the gauge, which primarily tracks larger and state-owned enterprises, fell 1.3 points to 53.4. That for new orders dipped 1.9 points to 52.9.
10月份的读数较9月份回落0.8个百分点，其中主要追踪大型国有企业的生产指数回落1.3个百分点，降至53.4。新订单指数回落1.9个百分点，降至52.9。
A sub-index tracking activity at larger enterprises softened 0.7 points to 53.1, while mid-sized companies fell 1.3 points to 49.9, indicating slight contraction. That for smaller manufacturers fell 0.4 points to 49, indicating worsening contraction.
大型企业PMI为53.1，比上月下降0.7个百分点；中型企业PMI为49.8，回落1.3个百分点，意味着进入轻度收缩。小型企业PMI为49，下降0.4个百分点，意味着收缩加剧。
The official non-manufacturing PMI came in at 54.3 in October, down from a recent peak of 55.4 a month prior. A key sub-index for the services sector likewise fell 0.9 points from its September peak to 53.5. Even the construction industry appeared worse off, with a sub-index for the sector dropping 2.6 points to 58.5.
10月份中国非制造业商务活动指数（非制造业PMI）为54.3，低于9月份55.4的近期峰值。其中，服务业商务活动指数为53.5，比9月份的峰值回落0.9个百分点。就连建筑业的形势似乎也有所恶化，商务活动指数为58.5，较9月份回落2.6个百分点。
New residential property prices in China grew faster in October despite a slew of restrictions on purchases,
10月份，尽管中国出台了大量限购措施，中国新建住宅价格增速却仍然加快。
but the rate of growth appeared to slow noticeably in a number of top cities.
不过，多个大城市新建住宅价格增速似乎已显著放缓。
The average price for new residential buildings rose 12.3 per cent in October year on year, according to a weighted average from Reuters based on data from the National Bureau of Statistics.
根据路透社(Reuters)基于中国国家统计局(National Bureau of Statistics)计算得到的加权平均值，10月份中国新建住宅平均价格同比上涨12.3%，
That is up from a rise of 11.2 per cent in September.
超过了9月份11.2%的上涨幅度。
That was a less marked jump than the 3 percentage point rise from August to September, however, suggesting recent curbs to property purchases may be having some effect.
不过，这一增幅低于8月份到9月份3个百分点的增加幅度，意味着近期的房地产限购措施或许产生了一定效果。
That possibility was backed up by a list of top-tier cities the statistics bureau began tracking recently
国家统计局最近开始跟踪研究的大城市的房价数据就支持这种可能性。
Which showed month-on-month prices had fallen – albeit marginally – in Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Xiamen and Zhengzhou during the second half of the month.
该数据显示10月份下半月北京、天津、上海、深圳、厦门和郑州新建住宅价格出现了环比下滑。
Yet when October was taken as a whole, only Shenzhen showed a real month-on-month price fall.
不过，如果把10月份看做一个整体，则只有深圳房价真正出现了环比下滑。
Countrywide, month-on-month prices rose in 62 out of 70 major cities last month, were unchanged in one and fell in seven.
从全国来看，上个月70个主要城市中62个城市的房价环比上涨，1个城市房价不变，还有7个城市出现下跌。
Wuxi, in coastal Jiangsu province, retained the top spot for a second month with growth of 4.9 per cent,
沿海江苏省的无锡市以4.9%的环比涨幅连续第二个月处于首位。
but that was markedly lower than the previous month’s rise of 8.2 per cent.
不过，这一涨幅显著低于此前一个月8.2%的环比涨幅。
In a close second was Changsha, capital of Hunan province, with growth of 4.5.
与无锡接近的涨幅第二的城市是湖南省省会长沙，该市环比涨幅为4.5%。
Price growth in top cities was slower, however, with Beijing, for instance, reporting a rise of only 0.5 per cent from the previous month, compared to 4.9 per cent in September.
不过，最大城市的房价上涨已经放缓，比如北京录得的环比涨幅只有0.5%，大大低于9月份的4.9%。
In year-on-year terms prices rose in 65 cities and fell in five.
同比来看，65个城市的房价同比上涨，5个城市房价同比下跌，
The cities of Hefei and Xiamen once again led the pack with growth of 48.6 per cent and 45.9 per cent, respectively.
合肥市和厦门市分别以48.6%和45.9%的涨幅再次领涨。
But many others cities that have featured prominently in recent months remained relatively undaunted by the new popularity of purchasing curbs, as prices remained substantially elevated from a year earlier.
而相对来说，普遍推出的新限购政策，并未让其他许多最近几个月表现突出的城市受到影响，房价同比依然大幅上涨。
The continued, albeit slower growth in prices tracks with recent data showing real estate investment ticked upward in October and sales had registered barely any negative impact from the new restrictions.
房价尽管缓慢却持续不断地增长与近期数据走势一致，这些数据显示10月份对房地产投资有所增加，新一轮限购对录得的销售几乎没有任何负面影响。
China’s retail sales softened as industrial production and investment held more or less steady in spite of a weaker showing from exports last month.
10月份，中国社会消费品零售总额增长放缓。另一方面，尽管上月出口走弱，中国规模以上工业增加值和全国固定资产投资增长仍大致保持平稳。
Industrial production rose 6.1 per cent year on year in October, according to China’s National Bureau of Statistics, unchanged from September’s level and just below a median forecast from economists of 6.2 per cent.
根据中国国家统计局的数据，10月份中国规模以上工业增加值同比增长6.1%，与9月份的增幅一致，略低于经济学家的预期中值6.2%。
That was in line with last month’s manufacturing PMIs, which showed an uptick in sector activity,
这与上月制造业采购经理人指数(PMI)的表现相一致，PMI显示制造业活动有所扩张。
And despite exports having fallen 7.3 per cent during the same period.
此外，规模以上工业增加值的同比增长，是在同期出口下滑7.3%的背景下取得的。
But retail sales growth softened to 10 per cent in October, betraying economists’ expectations it would hold steady at 10.7 per cent growth from September.
不过，10月份社会消费品零售总额增速放缓至10%，低于经济学家的预期。经济学家曾预期，10月份的增速将与9月份一致，同为10.7%。
That deceleration could prove a spoiler to broader growth if it continues apace, as observers have attributed sustained activity growth among manufacturers to stronger domestic demand.
这种迅速放缓的势头如果延续下去，可能会阻碍更广泛的增长。观察人士认为，制造业企业活动的持续扩张源于国内需求的增长。
Economists had likewise expected year-to-date urban fixed asset investment, a rough proxy for long-term spending, to remain at September’s level of 8.2 per cent year on year growth.
经济学家原本还预计，今年1至10月份全国固定资产投资（不含农户）增长速度会与1至9月份的增长速度8.2%持平。
Instead it ticked upward slightly to 8.3 per cent.
实际上，1至10月份的增速小幅升至8.3%。该指标大致反映了长期支出。
Private investment for the year ended October was up 2.9 per cent, up 0.4 percentage points, while state investment dropped 1.1 percentage points to 20.5 per cent.
今年1至10月份的民间固定资产投资同比增长2.9%，比1至9月份的增速快了0.4个百分点。
That pushed the state share of total investment for the year to date down marginally to 36.6 per cent, still the largest share since 2011 and reflecting the outsize role of government spending in sustaining economic growth during 2016.
国有控股投资增速下滑1.1个百分点至20.5%，这使得国有控股投资在今年1至10月份全国固定资产投资总额中所占的比例小幅下滑至36.6%，但这仍是2011年以来的最高占比之一，反映出今年政府开支在支撑经济增长方面发挥着巨大作用。
重点单词
查看全部解释
announced
[?'naunst]
想一想再看
宣布的
portion
['p?:n]
想一想再看
n. 部分，份，命运，分担的责任
联想记忆
X
单词portion 联想记忆：
port部分+ion→一部分→部分，一般
purchase
['p?:ts]
想一想再看
vt. 买，购买
n. 购买，购买的物品
encourage
[in'k?rid?]
想一想再看
vt. 鼓励，促进，支持
联想记忆
X
单词encourage 联想记忆：
courage（n 勇气）
stable
['steibl]
想一想再看
adj. 稳定的，安定的，可靠的
n. 马厩，
联想记忆
X
单词stable 联想记忆：
st站，立+able→能站的→稳定的
association
[?.s?usi'ein]
想一想再看
n. 联合，结合，交往，协会，社团，联想
联想记忆
X
单词association 联想记忆：
as加强＋soc社会+ion→社团；联合
loan
[l?un]
想一想再看
n. 贷款，借出，债权人
v. 借，供应货款，
pressure
['pre]
想一想再看
n. 压力，压强，压迫
v. 施压
联想记忆
X
单词pressure 联想记忆：
press挤压+ure→压力
previous
['pri:vj?s]
想一想再看
adj. 在 ... 之前，先，前，以前的
联想记忆
X
单词previous 联想记忆：
pne以前+vi路[引申为走]+ous→以前走过的→以前的
ordering
['?:d?ri?]
想一想再看
n. [计]定序；排序；订购 v. 命令；指挥；订购（o
The pace of Japanese production rose at a brisk clip during the month of October, giving policymakers hope - if not more mixed messages - about the strength of the Japanese economy.
10月份，日本生产增长速度突然提升，让决策者对日本经济的实力有了更多希望，或许也可以理解为释放了更多喜忧参半的信号。
Industrial production expanded 1.4 per cent month-on-month in October, the quickest pace since a 4.1 per cent rise in January. It was better than the 1.1 per cent gain in September, but still fell short of economists' expectations for a gain of 1.8 per cent.
10月份，日本工业产出环比增长1.4%，是自1月份出现4.1%的增幅以来增长最快的一次。这一数字高于9月份1.1%的增幅，不过仍低于经济学家1.8%的增长预期。
Despite the solid expansion, the yearly rate weakened to -1.4 per cent last month, from a -0.8 per cent pace in September. Economists expected production to have declined 0.9 per cent over the 12 months to October.
尽管增势坚挺，上个月年增长率还是从9月份的下跌0.8%，滑落至下跌1.4%。经济学家原本预计，在截至10月份的12个月里，日本工业产出下滑幅度为0.9%。
In its decision to not boost its monetary stimulus efforts, the Bank of Japan noted industrial production was one area where the economy was just puttering along. Certainly, there were other parts of the economy, such as the labour market, that were doing much better.
不过，日本央行(BoJ)仍决定不加大货币政策刺激力度。该行指出，工业产出是日本经济疲软的领域之一。当然，就业市场等日本经济的其他领域，表现要好得多。
While both numbers came in below forecast, they show how the BoJ has a tough decision on its hands, with respect to potentially ramping up its quantitative easing programme. The monthly numbers look good, the yearly ones not so much.
尽管两个数字都低于预期，它们还是显示出在加大量化宽松计划力度方面，日本央行正面临艰难的抉择。目前，环比数据看起来还不错，而同比数据则不太好。
Taken alongside data released in the past few days, and it doesn't make things easier. The country is still struggling with deflation and household spending slumped last month. But retail sales data released this morning topped estimates.
如果一并考虑过去几天里公布的数据，情况也不会变得更好。上个月，日本仍在与通缩和家庭开支下滑作斗争。不过，今天早上公布的零售业销售数据超出了人们的估计。
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. The article below was originally published atEntrepreneur.com.
本文为与《创业者》杂志的合作内容。下文最初发表于Entrepreneur.com。
Succeeding as an entrepreneur takes hard work and persistence because, unfortunately, there is no business-startup fairy who magically bestows success on small businesses and their owners.
成功的创业者需要付出努力和毅力，因为非常不幸的是，世上并没有创业小精灵，能够神奇般地将成功赐予小公司和他们的老板。
Most successful entrepreneurs follow comparable patterns and share similar basic characteristics. Hundreds of online articles and published books claim to know the secret of success in business, but for the most part, they boil down to the same major points.
大多数成功的创业者都遵循类似的模式，并且具备类似的基本特质。无数在线文章和图书宣称掌握了商业成功的秘诀，但事实上其中大多数都可以归结为几个相同的要点。
Passion, perseverance and a positive attitude tend to set successful entrepreneurs apart. Cultivating these attributes requires an innate skill set and some tips to get started.
激情、毅力和积极的心态，是创业成功的关键。培养这些特质要有天赋和一些小技巧。
So here are the main items to take into consideration if you’re trying to develop a business platform. These elements constitute will support a smart strategy for any new enterprise:
下面是开发一个商业平台时需要考虑的主要元素。这些元素可以帮助任何新公司制定明智的策略：
1. Love what you do.
1. 热爱自己的事业。
Passion is key to keeping a business strategy moving. Half-heartedness in an entrepreneurial endeavor will chip away at your drive to succeed. Perseverance is the one thing that’s guaranteed to move anything over time, whether it’s a person, a job or an entire company. Abraham Lincoln failed at most of his efforts until late in his life, but he never gave up.
激情是保持公司策略顺利运行的关键所在。在创业过程中三心二意，将让你失去成功的动力。从长远来看，坚持不懈是推动一切事物发展的唯一保证，不论是个人生活、工作还是运营一家公司。直到晚年，亚伯拉罕o林肯的大多数努力都以失败告终，但他从未放弃。
2. Take baby steps.
2. 慢慢来。
Jumping all in is rarely ever successful. There are success stories about people who invested everything once and came out winners after six months or a couple years, but those are rare. Risk management is an essential factor in any startup, and balance is vital. You can absorb losses more easily if you take smaller risks in the beginning. Those will provide essential and productive lessons.
一次投入全部很少能够成功。虽然确实有人倾其所有，在六个月或一两年之后成为赢家，但这只是个案。对于任何初创公司来说，风险管理都是一个重要元素，账目平衡至关重要。如果你在最开始承担的风险更少，你就更容易消化损失。而这些损失将是必不可少的、富有价值的教训。
3. Learn from others.
3. 向他人学习。
Successful entrepreneurs often worked for others in their field of choice before striking out on their own. Spending a few years in the industry under an excellent mentor will provide a good launching pad. Learn from your predecessors’ mistakes and brainstorm about how to improve upon their model. Find someone willing to teach, and think about starting your business elsewhere when you leave.
成功的创业者在自己创业之前，通常都曾在同一领域的其他公司工作过。在业内工作数年时间，并且找一位优秀的导师，将为你的创业成功奠定坚实的基础。从前辈的错误中总结经验教训，思考如何改进他们的模式。找到愿意指导你的人，然后再考虑自立门户。
4. Learn how to self-promote.
4. 学会自我推销。
Confidence and a good elevator speech can take any pitch to the next level. The first marketing any company experiences comes from its founder. Spend time learning how to share your vision without coming across as “salesy.” Don’t be afraid to ask for the sale, but remember: the client is always the focus.
自信和出色的“电梯演说”可以提高推销的水平。任何一家公司最早的市场营销经验都来自它的创始人。因此，花时间学习如何分享你的愿景，但不要给人留下“你只是想卖东西”的印象。不要害怕寻求销售机会，但你应该牢牢记住：永远以客户为中心。
5. Constantly take action.
5. 持续行动
Entrepreneurs are movers and shakers. They can’t afford to analyze every detail or they’d never get anywhere. There is no place for procrastination in a startup. It’s a 24/7, no-vacation-or-sick-days kind of job that demands constant forward momentum. Make a brief assessment at every step and move on it. Trust your instincts.
创业者都是行动者和颠覆者。他们不能去分析每一个细节，否则他们将寸步难行。初创公司没有拖延的资本。创业是一个全天候、无休假的职业，创业者必须具备持久不变的前进动力。迈出每一步的时候进行简单的评估，然后继续前进。相信自己的直觉。
6. Make a plan.
6. 制定计划。
Read about successful businesses. Take in the wealth of knowledge that’s been provided by successful entrepreneurs such as Steve Jobs and the personalities from Shark Tank. A successful business plan does not have to be a book. A 10-page plan is digestible yet long enough to include everything you need to start.
阅读成功的商业案例。吸收史蒂夫o乔布斯等成功创业者以及《创智赢家》（Shark Tank）提供的知识财富。一份成功的商业计划书不需要长篇累牍。10页纸的商业计划书既便于理解，又足以包含你要开始实施的所有内容。
7. Build a reputation.
7. 建立声誉。
According to Brandi Bennett at HostGator.com,maintaining a blog on a well-hosted website, or volunteering your time and skills, shows instead of tells the community, and thereby builds expertise and trust.
主机运营商HostGator.com公司的布兰迪o班奈特认为，在一家可靠的网站上坚持写博客，或者做一名志愿者，贡献出你的时间和技能。不要去告诉别人你是谁，而应该通过实际行动去展示你自己，这样做可以积累专业知识以及个人信誉。
8. It’s never too late to start.
8. 不论何时开始都不算晚。
Many successful entrepreneurs started later in life. J. K. Rowling (Harry Potter author), Julia Child (chef), and Sam Walton (Wal-Mart) all started their wildly successful brands after they were comfortably along in their lives. Having the experience that comes with age can give you a unique outlook on your business. Life experiences bring depth that the most educated young adult, by his or her nature, is less able to foresee.
许多成功的创业者都是在中年之后才开始创业。《哈利波特》的作者JoKo罗琳、大厨茱莉亚o查尔德和沃尔玛超市创始人山姆o沃尔顿，都是在经过多年的舒适生活之后，才创建了自己的品牌，并大获成功。随着年龄增长，经验更加丰富，你会对自己的事业产生一种独特的看法。生活经验所带来的睿智，是大多数受过教育的年轻人难以预见的。
9. Build your “A team”.
9. 组建自己的“一流团队”。
Finding the skill sets and attitudes that support the culture of the brand you want to promote will foster innovation and enhance your reputation. Include folks from outside the company for the people you rely on. That will start a free marketing chain reaction that can build confidence and revenue.
根据你希望推广的品牌文化，寻找能够为其提供支持的技能和态度，可以促进公司的创新，增强公司的信誉。从外部寻找帮手，帮助你的团队进步。 这将开启一个免费的营销连锁反应，为你树立自信并增加收入。
10. Be mindful of your attitude.
10. 注意自己的心态。
The attitude of the founder will set the tone for the business. Negativity, laziness and entitlement waste time and money while they tarnish your reputation. Success largely depends on making mistakes and accepting blame in stride. Owning up to and facing challenges head-on is what makes a mere business owner a leader.
创始人的心态将为公司定下基调。消极、懒惰和理所应当的心态，不仅浪费时间和金钱，还会损害你的信誉。成功很大程度上取决于能否在犯错后从容地接受批评。直面挑战可以让一位普通的公司老板变成真正的领导者。
Starting a business can wreak havoc on the owner’s personal life. While all the above tips are necessary for success, taking care of yourself mentally and physically is also imperative. Exercise, sleep and diet play a central role in ensuring you implement these policies successfully. All of them drive attitude, motivation and relationships.
创业会对创业者的个人生活造成严重影响。虽然上面的建议对创业成功至关重要，但从精神和身体上照顾好自己同样是必要的。锻炼、睡眠和饮食是确保你成功执行这些策略的关键要素。这些要素能够帮助你调整心态，获得动力，拓展人际关系。
Successful CEOs tend to follow a structured, daily schedule of rising early, exercising, having snacks on hand for fuel and socializing many evenings of the week.
成功的CEO都保持着都极有规律的生活，他们每天早起，锻炼身体，身边会放一些点心补充能量，每周拿出几个晚上进行社交。
Striking a balance may take a while, but working toward this list as a goal for starting your company will make the difference. How an owner feels about progress and how quickly a business can be up and running — and feeding that bottom line — will swiftly feel the impact.
你或许要很长时间才能实现工作与生活的平衡，但努力遵守这个清单，并将其作为创业的目标，将会产生不一样的效果。创业者如何看待所取得的进步？以及一家公司多快才能实现正常运营和实现收支平衡？遵循这些建议，你很快就能找到答案。
Chances are if you are lucky enough to have a job, the thought of quitting sounds ridiculous. With the unemployment rate at an all time high, most people are thanking their lucky stars to be employed.
如果你有幸拥有一份工作，那么想要辞掉这份工作的想法听起来是荒唐的。在失业率大多数有史以来的最高的今天，大多数人正在因为被聘用而感谢他们的幸运星。
But even in a bad economy some jobs are just not worth it. Are there any telltale signs you should be looking for when trying to decide if you throw in the towel? Here are ten signs to look for to determine if it's time to find a new job:
但是即使在一些糟糕的经济环境下，一些岗位并不是值得一做的。当你在决定是否要放弃的时候，你是不是应该寻找一些迹象呢？这里有10种信号告诉你是否该找一份新的工作呢：
1.You Aren't Learning Anything New
Yes, you want to know how to do most of your job. But there are also things you want to be learning; otherwise you are not growing professionally. If you have stopped learning at work, it's time to find a job where you will learn new skills and grow professionally.
你没有学到新的东西
是的，你想知道怎么去做好你的工作。但是仍然有一些你想要学的东西；否则，你就没有职业发展。如果你在工作中不能学到新的东西，那么已经是时候去找一个能够学到新知识并且有职业发展的工作了。
2.You Never Have a Day When You Wake Up Excited To Go To Work
If you wake up every morning Monday through Friday and never feel excited to go to work, that is a problem. It means you aren't enjoying your job and it is diminishing your quality of life. If you wake up every day and dread going to work, it's time to consider quitting your job.
你从来没有一醒来就能积极地工作
如果你每周的周一到周五没有一天早晨醒来感到一种想要去工作的兴奋，那么这就是一个问题了。那意味着你没有能够享受你的工作并且你的工作正在破坏你的生活质量。如果你每天醒来，恐惧去上班，那么是时候辞掉你的工作了
201103/129769.shtml
3.You Spend More Time Surfing the Web Than Doing Your Job
When you are at work, you are supposed to be productive. Otherwise, it's a waste of your time and the company's money. If you are bored and surfing the web most of your work day, you may want to think about looking into job options where you'll get more stimulation and responsibilities.
你花在上网上的时间多于你工作的时间
当你在工作的时候，你的效率应该是很高的。不然的话，那就是在浪费你自己的时间和公司的财富。如果你很厌倦，一天当中大多数时间是在浏览网页，你可能是想要寻找其他的能够激励你的工作机会了。
4.You Don't Like Most of Your Coworkers
There are always one or two coworkers in the office that most people can't stand. But if you don't like most of your coworkers, chances are your days aren't very enjoyable because you have to work with them day in and day out. If you can't stand most of your coworkers, it's time to think about finding a company whose employees you mesh with better.
和你共事的多数同事你都不喜欢
办公室总有一两个让人让大多数人都无法容忍的人，但是如果你不喜欢大多数的同事，那么你的工作就会变得不愉快因为你不得不整天和他们在一起工作。如果你再也不能容忍他们，试试找一个你能够和里面的职员和平相处的公司了。
5.You Aren't Making Enough Money to Pay Your Bills
If you are working your butt off and not getting paid enough to pay your bills, you might be overqualified and underpaid for your position. Go find a job that pays what you deserve.
你没有赚到足够多的钱来支付日常开销
如果你拼命工作还是入不敷出，你可能没的得到与你自身价值相符的酬劳。去找一份能够给你应有报酬的工作吧。
6.You Spend Time Looking For Other Jobs
If you are spending time looking for other jobs while you are on the clock, it's obvious you want to leave your job. So keep looking for new jobs and as soon as you find a good one, take it and run.
你正在寻找其他工作
如果你在工作时间去寻找其他的工作岗位，很明显，你想要辞掉你的工作。去找一份新工作吧，如果找到，就换吧。
201103/129769.shtml
7.You Haven't Gotten a Raise in the Last Two Years
If you work hard and benefit the company you work for, you deserve to be rewarded for that. If your boss hasn't given you a raise in the last two years, ask for one. If he or she says no, get out now.
最近两年你都没有涨薪水
如果你很卖命的工作并且给公司创造了价值，你本应该得到酬谢。如果你的老板在两年之内没有给你涨薪水，去申请吧。如果老板不同意，还考虑什么，走吧。
8.Your Boss Sucks
Sometimes bosses suck. But if your boss sucks all the time and takes advantage of your time, it's time to find a new job.
你的老板很差
有的时候，老板挺糟糕的。但如果你觉得你的老板一直很差劲，占用了你的时间，是的，你该去找一份新的工作了。
9.The Company Isn't Doing Well
This sign varies from company to company. You must keep in mind that we are in a recession and if sales are down but the company isn't in jeopardy, this sign may not apply to you. However, if business is down to the point where it looks like the company is going to go under, start looking for a new job NOW! (See also: 20 Signs that a Pink Slip is Coming)
公司的运营情况不好。
这种迹象各个公司是不同的。你一定要记住，如果公司的业绩在下降，销售额在减少，但还没到危险的地步，这种信号可能不适用与你。然而，如果你的公司看起来就要破产啦，那么请赶快开始找一份新工作吧。
10.You are Stressed All the Time
You are supposed to enjoy life, not be stressed out all the time. If you spend most of your days stressed about everything that going on at work, you are not at the right job.
你一直感到压力很大
你本应该享受生活，不该时时刻刻感到压力。如果你的大部分时间都在为工作的是感到压力很大，说明你没有得到一份好的工作。
201103/129769.shtmlEveryone tells a white lie on occasion, it’s just a question of why. Some white lies save relationships, some ease a hectic situation, and others buy us time. We all do it, so there is no reason to deny it. As long as we aren’t hurting others or breaking the law, these innocent lies can make life more pleasant. Most of these white lies only stretch aninterpretation of what the truth actually is anyways. Here’s a list of the 10most common white lies and why we tell them.
我们每个人都会说些善意的谎言，这毫无疑问，问题在于为什么我们要这么做。有些善意的谎言可以挽救我们的关系，有些可以缓解忙碌的处境，还有些可以为我们赢得时间。我们每个人都在说善意的谎言，我们没有理由去否定这个事实。只要不会伤害到其他人，不会触犯法律，这些善意的谎言是会让我们的生活更美好的。大多数善意的谎言都是我们对于真相的另一种延伸的阐释。
1.It wasn’t me! – Because some things just aren’t worth taking credit for。
谎言1：不是我！说谎原因：有些事情不值得我们去邀功。
2.Yeah, I’ll start working on that ASAP! – Because telling you I have 10 things to do first would just irritate you。
谎言2：好的，我会尽快开工的！说谎原因：如果我告诉你在做你要求的这件事之前，我还有10件事要做的话，你肯定会抓狂的。
3.Oh, yeah. That makes sense. – Because option B involves admitting that I am clueless。
谎言3：是的，这挺有道理的。说谎原因：方案二会让我显得毫无头绪。
4.Thank you so much! I just love it! – Because telling someone that their gift sucked would make me look like an insensitive jerk。
谎言4：太感谢了！我很喜欢！说谎原因：告诉别人他们送的礼物一团糟会让我看起来像是冷血的混蛋。
5.ah, you look great in that dress. – Because it’s better than being slapped。
谎言5：你穿这条裙子真好看。说谎原因：总比说真话被别人扇耳光要好吧。
6.I’m 29. – Because 29 is like 20 years younger than 30.
谎言6：我29岁。说谎原因：29岁听起来比30岁要年轻多了。
7.Yes, John was with me last night. – Because that’s what friends do… we agree and ask questions later。
谎言7：没错，约翰昨晚是和我在一起。说谎原因：这就是朋友该做的事。等下我们两个还要通通气，以免穿帮。
8.My resume is 5 pages long for a good reason. – Because I’m darn good at bullshittin’!
谎言8：我写了5页的简历，那是因为我足够好。说谎原因：我就是个不折不扣的话唠！
9.Yeah, I was a badass on my high school football team! – Because I want to be seen by others in an even stronger light than I see myself。
谎言9：对，我在高中足球队里就是个捣蛋鬼！说谎原因：我想让自己在别人的眼里更加闪亮。
10.I thought I already sent that email out. I’m sure I did. – Because telling you that it was a low priority and I forgot would probably hurt our relationship。
谎言10：我以为我早就把邮件发出去了。我真的发过了。说谎原因：如果告诉你我觉得这事不重要，我把这事忘了，就会伤害到我俩的关系了。
Were you late to work yesterday because you couldn't remember where you put your car keys? Did you completely forget about a coffee date last week with a friend and only remember when you got a text asking, "where are you?" Can you no longer remember the name of your favorite elementary school teacher? Memory problems impact just about everyone to a certain degree, but science suggests you might be able to improve your memory, as well as reduce the likelihood of Alzheimer's and dementia, by engaging in certain activities, eating specific foods, and using certain mnemonic devices.
有时，你会不会因为忘记把车钥匙放哪而上班迟到？或者是完全忘记和朋友喝咖啡的约定，结果收到朋友问你在哪里的短信才突然想起和朋友有约？抑或是早就不记得小学的时候那位你最喜欢的老师的名字了？记忆问题几乎困扰着每一个人，只是程度不同而已，但是科学家认为，或许你可以通过进行一些特定的活动、食用一些特定的食物或者采用一些特定的记忆方法来提高自己的记忆力，并且降低患阿尔茨海默症和痴呆的风险。
People with near-perfect memories actually exist, and they have something called an "eidetic memory," which means they can recall a remarkable amount of information from their past experiences. Interestingly, many people assume having an eidetic memory means having a "perfect" memory, but even these superhuman memory machines can have some trouble recalling absolutely every detail with crystal clear accuracy. However, that doesn't mean you can't emulate these memory superstars and improve your own memory and protect yourself against age-related diseases and maladies.
确实有人有近乎完美的记性，可以从过去经历中检索出大量信息。只是，即使很多人认为这样的记忆已经很完美，他们有的时候也不能准确清晰地记起一些特定的细节。虽然真正完美的记忆并不存在，但你还是可以拥有近乎完美的记忆力，超越这些记忆达人，去抵抗岁月给你带来的疾病和健忘。
Some scientists believe people with excellent recall and the ability to remember everything use a special mental filing system to keeping things organized in their memories. Mental tricks are also used by magicians to wow audiences with seemingly impossible feats of memory. But do you need to know special tricks or have an eidetic memory to remember everything? If you're worried you've forgotten more in life than you ever knew, don't worry. Science has you covered! Check out these 10 scientific secrets to a perfect memory.
有些科学家认为，那些记忆力超群的人其实是采用了一种特殊的“归档法”来使自己记忆的东西变得有条理。有的时候，魔术师们也会用上一些需要超高记忆能力的心理欺骗术使观众连连惊叹。但是你如果你只是担心自己会忘记日常生活中的一些小事情，其实并不需要用到心理欺骗术这么高端的东西啦！一些科学小方法就可以帮助你实现这个目标。以下就是10个提高记忆能力的方法，你记得住吗？
10. Drawing Words Helps Your Brain Recall Them
10. 把单词画出来！
The "Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology" published a study in early 2016 entitled, "The drawing effect: Evidence for reliable and robust memory benefits in free recall." While the title seems a bit long and complex, the study actually demonstrated a very simple idea. Drawing words in picture form helps people make better and stronger memories. The authors of the study created simple tasks where a participant would first draw a simple word, like a common piece of fruit. Later, the authors of the study would ask the participants to recall the words they drew. Other participants in the study were given different tasks like repeating the given word aloud a certain number of times or actually writing the word down. The researchers found that participants who drew doodles of the words they needed to recall fared much better than other participants.
2016年上半年，《实验心理学》期刊刊登了一项研究，题为“绘画效应：帮你在无障碍回忆的过程中构筑可靠强大的记忆力”。虽然这篇文章的题目看起来有点长、有点复杂，但是它证明的观点其实很简单，即把单词画出来的记忆方式能够建立更为优质牢固的记忆。研究的主持人进行了一个简单任务实验，在实验中，一位参与者要求画出简单的单词，比如常见的水果，接着，他被要求回忆自己画的是些什么单词。另一些参与者被要求重复朗读给出的单词。
Anyone who doesn't feel they can tap into their inner-Picasso to create amazing drawings needn't worry. The study demonstrated that it wasn't the quality of the doodles and drawings that helped participants recall given words. Drawing a simple outline of a banana offered just as much benefit to the memory as a perfectly drawn piece of fruit. Additionally, the study found that participants only needed to spend a few seconds on their drawing to receive a significant boost to their ability to recall the word. The researchers plan to take their research a step further in the future by introducing more complex words and ideas and measuring the memory success of participants asked to recall those intricate thoughts.
结果发现，被要求画出单词的参与者能够更准确地记起这些单词。而且画本身的质量并不会对记忆效果有什么影响，帮助记忆的仅仅是“画画”这个动作。对于香蕉，画一个大概的轮廓和详细的画出每个细节，产生的作用是一样的。参与者们即使只是花上几秒来画画，也能在记忆结果上有显著提高。研究人员还计划进一步地引进更复杂的单词甚至观点表述来观察参与者记忆表述的准确度。
9. Putting Yourself in Someone Else's Shoes Improves Memory
9. 设身处地也能提高记忆力
A study published in the journal "Clinical Psychological Science" in 2012 showcased the power of self-imagination, which showed the technique could help people with impaired memories, as well as individuals with no memory problems. As with other studies of human memory, the scientists asked participants to remember a list of words related to certain personality traits. The participants were then asked to use a specific strategy to help them recall the words. For example, some participants were asked to remember one personality trait by thinking of a second word that rhymed with the trait. Other participants were asked to remember the definition of the trait while others were asked to engage in "self-referential processing" where they would think about the trait in a personal, self-reflective way.
《临床心理学》在2012年刊登的一篇研究文章中凸显了设身处地的作用。不管当事人有没有记忆方面的问题，这个方法都能够提高他们的提高记忆能力。和其他针对人类记忆的研究一样，科学家们要求参与者们记忆一个关于人格特点的单词表。参与者被要求使用特定的、能够帮助他们回忆的方法。比如有些参与者用谐音记忆，有些联想这个特征的定义，有一些则用“设身处地法”，把自己想象成那么一个人。
The study participants asked to imagine acting out the trait, which is a method of self-imagining, were most successful in remembering the personality traits when questioned about them later. In fact, study participants who engaged in self-imagining were three times as likely to successfully remember a personality trait than participants who didn't use any type of memory device or method. The scientists in charge of the study believe that self-imagining could help individuals in rehabilitation programs, as well as anyone with a memory impairment. However, it's likely that the technique could help just about everyone, even if he or she wasn't currently in a rehabilitation program or diagnosed with memory problems. For example, if you wanted to remember where a friend bought a pair of shoes, you might imagine yourself walking into that store to buy the shoes.
结果那些要求进行设身处地和角色扮演的人在随后的提问环节表现最好。准确地说，这些运用设身处地法进行记忆的人记单词的效率是使用其他记忆方式的人的三倍。虽然主持这项实验的科学家们研究的是设身处地法对患有记忆力损伤的人恢复记忆的影响，但无论人们有没有记忆损伤，皆可能受益于此。如果你想记住朋友在哪买了一双鞋子，不妨就试着想象走进店里买鞋的是自己。
8. Experienced Better Cognitive Performance With Bare Feet
8. 赤脚能够提高记忆力
A fascinating study from researchers at the University of North Florida reveals that running barefoot may actually improve your memory more than running with shoes. While most memory studies seem to take place in a laboratory or room where everyone sits at a table, this experiment definitely introduced an interesting idea to the search for a better memory. The experiment focused on something called "working memory," which is the human ability to process information and recall details throughout life. The scientists published the results of their study in "Perceptual and Motor Skills," and found that running barefoot resulted in a not-insignificant memory boost when compared with memory performance after running with shoes. The researchers found that tossing your shoes off and running for about 16 minutes at a comfortable pace could result in a 16% improvement in working memory performance.
北弗罗里达大学的一个有趣的实验证明光脚跑步比穿鞋跑步更能提高记忆力。和那些在实验室和室内坐在桌子边进行的试验不同，在这个实验中，研究人员们引入了一些有趣的观点来探索提高记忆力的奥秘。实验的研究对象为“工作记忆”，即人们加工信息和回顾生活细节的能力。科学家们发现，光脚跑步比起穿鞋跑步来说，可以对记忆力产生轻微的提高。在试验中，年龄为18-44周岁的参与者们被要求跑两轮，一次穿鞋，一次不穿鞋。
Participants in the study were between the ages of 18 and 44 and were asked to run twice – with and without shoes. After completing their quick runs, researchers found that the heart rate and overall run speed of each participant had no effect on memory, but the presence of shoes or bare feet did. The researchers have hypothesized that the need to engage the mind while running barefoot to avoid pebbles or other impediments could have a positive impact on a person's ability to remember things. If you're an adventurous person, you might try taking a barefoot jog around the block before your next test or before you need to remember something important.
经对比，科学家们发现，快跑之后心率变化和整体的跑步速度对记忆结果没有影响，但是穿不穿鞋却有影响。具体地说，脱下鞋慢跑16分钟就能够让“流水记忆”能力提高16%。这一研究结果后被发表在了《知觉与运动技能》一书上。科学家们推断 ，可能是因为不穿鞋跑步的时候，人们需要时刻担心石头或者其他障碍物，这个过程对记忆能力的提高产生了正面的影响。如果你是一个冒险主义者，也许在下次考试或者需要记忆什么重要事项之前可以试着在小区光着脚慢跑试试。
7. Pumping Iron Could Enhance Long-Term Memory
7. 举重训练可以帮助提高长期记忆力
The theory that exercise boosts your intelligence might have some basis in fact according to a study conducted at Georgia Tech. Even if you don't like lifting weights, and the inside of a gym makes you want to run for the nearest doughnut shop, it might take just 20 minutes to enhance your memory, according to the 2014 study. Researchers asked participants to work out for 20 minutes in an intense manner and found that just 20 minutes of activity could help improve "episodic memory" by as much as 10% in young adults.
根据乔治亚工学院2014年的一项研究，运动确实可以开发智力，即使你不喜欢举重训练或者不喜欢健身馆的环境，想改用吃坚果的方式提高记忆力，通过锻炼提高记忆力其实只需要20分钟。在这项实验中，研究人员要求参与者进行20分钟的高强度训练，他们发现，仅仅20分钟就可以让年轻人的“事件记忆”能力（也叫长期记忆力）提高10%。
Episodic memory is also known as long-term memory, and the researchers approached the study of exercise in a different manner than previous studies. Other studies examined the impact of aerobic exercise conducted over many months, but this study simply asked participants to lift weights a single time. During the test, half of the participants were asked to use a weight machine before recalling a series of images they were shown at the start of the test. The other half of the participants were also asked to recall the images but without having engaged in any strenuous activity before the recall session. In demonstrating the memory improvement for the participants who engaged in just a single session of weight lifting, the researchers were able to show that improving one's memory through exercise didn't take hours of dedication in the gym. The next time you have the opportunity to lift weights or someone tries to convince you to join the gym you might just want to take him or her up on the offer.
在实验中，参与者们被要求回忆一些他们在实验开始的时候看到的图片，其中，一半参与者在回忆之前进行了举重训练，另一半参与者没有进行这样的高强度活动。他们发现，参与了举重训练的人在记忆能力上有所提高。这项研究实现了运动研究上的独辟蹊径，其他研究的研究对象多是对有氧运动本身，研究时间跨度长达数，但是这项研究的研究对象却是人类记忆，在研究时也仅仅是要求参与者们花一点时间举重而已。研究人员证明了其实提升记忆力并不需要数个小时的锻炼。下次再有谁让你去举重或者去健身馆锻炼的话，你大概会想感谢他一番的吧？
6. Cutting Down on Saturated Fats Could Preserve Your Memory
6. 减少饱和脂肪摄入可以帮助保持记忆力
A study cited in an article from Harvard University suggests your diet could have a significant impact on your memory as you age. Scientists at Brigham and Women's Hospital published a study within the "Annals of Neurology" that suggested women who ate high levels of saturated fat in foods like red meat and butter didn't perform as well on memory tests than women who regularly consumed less saturated fat. Researchers haven't yet discovered the connection between saturated fat and memory, but they hypothesize it could have something to do with a person's genes. Scientists and doctors have long recommended that patients work to control their cholesterol levels as they age to protect the memory during the aging process.
哈佛大学的一项研究证明，随着年龄增长，饮食可能会对你的记忆力有重要的影响。妇女医院的科学家们在《神经病学记事》发表的研究报告指出，食用含有大量饱和脂肪酸的食物（如红肉和黄油）的女性比正常饮食的女性记性更差。虽然研究人员暂时没有发现记忆力和饱和脂肪之间的确切联系，但是他们猜测饱和脂肪酸也许对基因有那么些影响。
The Harvard article suggests that protecting the brain with a heart-healthy diet could be the key to warding off dementia and keeping your memory intact well into your golden years. Some studies have suggested certain foods have a positive impact on memory, but no study thus far has revealed the existence of a miracle food. The idea that a heart-healthy diet could also prove beneficial to the brain and memory has become popular with doctors studying Alzheimer's disease and dementia. Some of the risk factors associated with heart disease are similar to those associated with dementia and Alzheimer's. Foods recommended for a heart-healthy diet include fruits, vegetables, and whole-grain bread, as well as beans, nuts, and olive oil. If you can't use every one of these 10 scientific secrets to a perfect memory, a healthy diet might help you avoid losing it!
这篇文章指出，食用有益于心脏的食物是防止痴呆、保护记忆力的关键。一些心脏病的并发症和阿尔茨海默症以及痴呆症的并发症十分相似，因此研究阿尔茨海默症和痴呆症的教授们认为，有益于心脏的食物大概也有益于大脑和记忆。水果、蔬菜、全麦面包、豆子、坚果和橄榄油都有对心脏有益。如果这10个方法你不能都采用的话，一个健康的饮食至少能让你不要丢失记性。
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
You think you're so smooth – the James Bond of covert job searching. Where he used wrist-mounted dart guns and camera-implanted rings, you have deceptive "dentist appointments" and a conveniently angled computer monitor to conceal secret résumé tweaking. Unfortunately, while you smugly sip a shaken martini – uh, iced coffee – you may not realize that your cover was blown. Your boss is onto you, and it's no wonder。
你是不是觉得你游刃有余，悄悄找工作的能力简直就是职场届的詹姆斯邦德。只需利用手腕上的内置摄像头戒指便可造出一份伪造的牙医预约，并摆好电脑屏幕偷偷修改你的简历。当你沾沾自喜喝着搅匀的马蒂，或是冰咖啡时，候殊不知你的遮羞布已经被掀掉啦。你的老板当然得找你“喝茶”。
Below are 10 clues you left that basically scream: "I am job searching!"
以下十条就是你找工作时可能露出的“马脚”
1. You became a LinkedIn superstar overnight。
1.你一夜之间成了领英平台的香饽饽。
If managers suspect you're looking elsewhere, your LinkedIn profile is often the first place they'll snoop, says Jenny Foss, founder of the career blog JobJenny.com and author of "Ridiculously Awesome Job Search Kit." "It's where a lot of people tend to get busted," she adds。
如果经理们怀疑你在到处找工作。最先肯定窥探你在领英上面的个人资料。Jenny Foss如是说，她是职业博客JobJenny.com的博主，也是“找工作神器”这本书的作者。这是一个很多人想被被人搜索的平台，Foss补充道。
A robust LinkedIn presence is crucial to any job search. You know that. Your manager knows that. And your manager probably knows that you know that – so she'll be concerned when you go from having a bare-bones profile on Monday to one jacked with additional work history, new connections, status updates and recommendations by Friday. "Don't go from zero to 500 overnight, because that can be quite obvious," Foss cautions。
在领英平台上高频出现是找工作的关键。你知道这点，你们经理也知道这点。你的经理兴许还知道你知道这点。所以她会从开始关注周一你的个人简介只是有个大概框架，到周五你增加了工作经历，新人脉，状态更新，推荐信慢慢被顶起，别一夜之间从0涨到500那样太明显了Foss提醒道。
Foss also points out that recommendations from others are time-stamped, so it looks fishy to have five new accolades on your profile, all written within the same week. "They don't look like they're coming organically," she says. "It looks like you're out shaking the bushes, trying to get people to say nice things about you."
Foss 还指出别人的推荐信有时间标记。如果你一周之内有五个新的赞那样看起来会很可疑，这些赞不像是真心的，好像你在刷好评，让别人说你好。
No, this doesn't mean you should abandon your LinkedIn profile for fear of a suspicious boss. But it does mean you should be more careful. For one, turn off your activity broadcasts so that every savvy move you make isn't announced to your entire network. Here's how: From the homepage, hover over your photo in the top right corner, and click on "Privacy & Settings." From this page, click "Turn on/off your activity broadcasts."
当然这也并不是说，你害怕老板起疑心，就要放弃你在领英上面的简介。但是告诉你，得小心点。其中一点是关掉你的活动广播这样你每一次策略性的行动就不会被所有网民发现，下面教你怎么做，在主页面，光标停在右上角，点击个性设置，在个性设置里面点击活动广播。
If the timing of your job search allows, Foss recommends beefing up your LinkedIn profile gradually (and thus inconspicuously). Or better yet, work on it when you're not job searching。
如果时间允许的话，Fossil建议逐步完善你在领英上面的简介(这样可以不会太明显)或者最好的是你还没找工作的时候就完善它。
2. You've suddenly become a Twitter thought leader。
2.你突然变成Twitter上面思想领军人物。
Similar to quick LinkedIn overhauling, Foss says employers will likely notice if you abruptly go from tweeting cat GIFs and "Game of Thrones" spoilers to posting thoughtful, industry-focused content and participating in job-search Twitter chats. These are generally good moves for your job search, but bad ones for keeping it under wraps, so again, take it slow。
就像在领英上面快速的翻新简介一样，Foss说雇主们可能也会关注你突然一下子从推送小猫的GIF图和权力的游戏的剧透到推送一些具有思考意义的产业专注内容，参加Twitter上面找工作聊天。这些举动对你找工作当然有帮助，但是无益于找工作的隐秘性，所以还是要强调一下，慢慢来。
3. Your boss received your résumé from a contact of a contact。
3.你老板从他认识的人那收到了你认识的人给的简历。
You're networking – yes! But you're networking so thoroughly within your industry that word gets back to your boss. "The world is small," says Andrea Kay, career consultant and author of "This Is How To Get Your Next Job," so this kind of thing does happen. When sharing your résumé and other job-search materials with new and old professional contacts, explicitly state that your hunt is confidential, Foss says。
你是有人脉，是的没错。但是你是在你的业界彻底地撒下关系网这样你说的话又传到你老板耳朵里了。这个世界太小了Andrea Kay说。他是一位职业顾客也是《如何获得下一份工作》这本书的作者。这样的事情经常发生。当你和新老人脉分享你的简历和其他跟找工作相关的材料时，明确地表明你这次找工作是秘密的Foss说。
4. Your co-worker blabbed。
4.你的同事会泄密。
"I'm always amazed at how many people tell their co-workers about their job search," Kay says. "That's one of the worst things you can do." Ideally, you wouldn't tell any co-workers, but you may have to if you want them to serve as references. In that case, Kay says, "you need to pick people who you really trust, who don't have a hidden agenda and who won't let it slip."
Kay说我很一直很吃惊因为很多人都会告诉他们的同事找工作的事。这是你做的最糟糕的事情之一。理论上说你不能告诉任何同事，但是有时你不得不告诉他们因为想得到他们的引荐。如果那样的话Kay说，你得挑一些值得信任的人，他们不会背后秘密异议也不会口误说出去。
5. You're taking four-hour lunches and have way too many dentist appointments。
5.你午饭谈了四个小时那么久或者有太多的牙医预约。
Yes, it is that obvious when you're interviewing elsewhere and go MIA, with or without a flimsy excuse. Schedule phone interviews for personal hours, like a lunch break, and take vacation or PTO days for lengthy in-person interviews. "That way, you're not feeling pressured during the interview to get back to work – which can affect how you handle the interview – and you're not stealing time from your employers," Kay says。
是的，当你到处面试的时候，去MIA没有借口借口很牵强的时候十分明显。可以在私人时间比如午饭时间电话面试。也可以利用节假日或者带薪假期进行长时间的现场面试，这样面试的时候你不会因为要赶回来上班感到紧张压迫。同时也可以帮助你面试进行的顺利，而且你也没占用工作的时间，Kay说。
6. You dressed 10 times nicer than usual yesterday。
6.你昨天穿得比平时好看10倍。
People (read: your boss) will notice if you go from sporting a uniform of jeans and a T-shirt to showing up in a tailored suit on interview day. This is all the more reason to take the day off from work to interview, but if you don't, dress as usual at the office. And then, Foss says, "leave the premises, and stop in a McDonald's parking lot on the way to the interview to change."
如果你从平时身穿牛仔裤，t恤套装的搭配突然变成像面试时候穿的西装革履的的样子，这就更充分证实了你请了一天假去面试了。但如果你不这样做，而是穿的和平时在办公室穿的一样。你的老板都会注意到你的变化。然后，FOSS说，“走吧，别把这里当作了在麦当劳停车场面试。
7. Your company's human resources staff saw your résumé on a job board。
7.你们公司的人事在一个求职网站上发现了你的简历。
When you post your résumé to a job board, such as Monster or Indeed, there's a chance your current employer could see it. In fact, Foss says many HR staffers and managers regularly search for their company names within job board submissions specifically to see if their employees are looking for jobs。
当你在求职布告栏比如Monster或者Indeed发布你的简历时，你现在的雇主是可有机会看到你的简历的。Foss说很多人事和经理经常在求职栏搜索职工的名字看他们是不是在找工作。
There's often an option to post your résumé anonymously, so do that, Foss says. "Or forgo that option and stick with LinkedIn," she adds. "You're way more likely to be found by recruiters and hiring managers there anyway."
但是通常你可以选择匿名求职，Fos说，或者要么就拒绝那个选项坚持在领英上面发布，她补充道这样至少更易被招聘者和经理发现。
8. You left your résumé in the freaking printer!
8.你把简历留在了该死的打印机里！
Yes, it happens. Print all application materials from home, the library, a print shop – anywhere besides your current company's office。
是的，这经常发生。你可以在家里，图书馆，打印店等除了你现在工作的公司办公室的任何地方打印申请材料。
In fact, create a hard and fast rule to keep work and job searching separate. That means no sneaking out for a phone interview. No browsing job boards. No applying or networking with your work email address. "You don't watch porn at work, and you don't work on your résumé at work," Kay says. "You just don't."
事实上，你要毅然坚决地将工作和找工作划清界限。也就是说，你不能偷偷溜出去接听电话面试。不要浏览找工作的平台。不要用你的工作邮件地址申请和联络。“你不要在工作时看色情照片，同样不要在工作的时候看你的简历，”凯说：“你千万不要。”
The reason is twofold: For one, logistically, there are simply too many opportunities to get caught job searching. Résumé copies will be found. Computer servers will be checked. Co-workers will notice when you're clearly elsewhere, either literally for interviews or emotionally (more on that later)。
理由有两方面：首先，从逻辑上讲，你实在有太多的机会被人抓住你在搜索工作。简历的副本会被发现。计算机服务器会被检查。工作伙伴会从表面上或者情绪上(多半是后者)察觉到你为面试而心不在焉。
And – oh, right – ethics. "You're not being fair to your employer if you're using the company's dime to get the heck out of there," Foss says。
还有呢，就是道德。“如果你通过使用公司的设备来设法离开这里就实在对你的雇主太不公平了。”福斯说。
9. You've been avoiding your boss。
9.你会一直回避你的老板。
When she consults managers, Kay says many of them suspect something is fishy when their employees stop talking to them as often, whether it's to give an update, ask for an opinion or just say hello. As Kay puts it: "You're not doing the things you normally would have to keep the relationship going."
当她向经理咨询的时候，凯说，当他们的员工开始不经常和他们讲话，无论是更新工作内容，询问意见还是仅仅打个招呼，他们中的许多人都能警觉地察觉到一些事情。正如凯总结地那样：“你开始不做那些你日常维持社交关系的事情了。”
10. You've just been acting weird, OK?
10.你真的很明显，好吧？
"This is a hard one for people to understand how they're doing it, but it's an easy one for managers to pick up," Kay says. In many cases, you're disengaged, or as Kay describes it: "not being totally mentally present." Maybe you used to chime in a lot during meetings, and now you're quiet. Maybe you're not producing as much as you used to. Maybe you're not excited about a new project you've been asked to manage。
“一般人很难发现你们在做什么，但是你的异常却很容易被经理们捕捉到。”凯说。许多情况下，你漫不经心，或者如凯描述得那样：“精神完全不在状态。”或许你过去常常积极参与会议，但是你现在沉默了。或许你没有过去做得多了。或许你不再对你要做的案子感兴趣了。
Or maybe you've become bolder in arguing against decisions you disagree with, Foss says. "Any variation to what's expected of you or from you could raise an eyebrow," she adds。
或许你在与你不赞同的决定的争论中表现得更加勇敢，福斯说“任何偏离你常有表现或者你一笑而过的态度的行为，”她说到。
Job-searching employees often send these subtle signals without expecting their managers to notice, Kay says. But they do。
寻找工作的雇员并不希望将这些蛛丝马迹被他们的经理发现，凯说，但是他们确实被发现了。
"They say: 'I wonder why she kept her head down in the meeting; I wonder why she's not eager to take over that project; I wonder why she's leaving early a couple days a week," Kay says. "You're planting questions in their head."
“他们说：‘我会奇怪她为什么在会议的时候低着头；我好奇她为什么不再兴奋地接过这个案子；我也会想她为什么一周有两天很早地离开，”凯说，“你在他们的脑海里引发了这些问题。”
Nineteen buildings disappeared in the space of 10 seconds after being demolished by a controlled explosion in China yesterday.
昨天，中国一次控制爆破让19栋楼在10秒钟之内被夷平。
The blocks of flats which were up to 12 storeys high in the city of Wuhan are making way for a huge new business district including a 707-metre tall skyscraper.
位于武汉的这些楼房有12层楼高，这些建筑（被夷平是）为一个新的商业区让路，这个商业区包括一栋高707米的摩天大楼。
Experts waited until dark had fallen before detonating demolition charges which brought down 150000 square metres of concrete glass and steel in 10 seconds.
专家等到夜幕降临才实施爆破，10秒钟内就夷平了十五万平方米的混凝土、玻璃、钢筋。
The residents of the Hankou Binjiang estate had been moved out weeks before.
汉口滨江的居民数周前就已将财产转移。
The area is close to the city centre and the demolition contractors had to make sure that when they brought down the buildings they did not damage a light rail viaduct nearby or a shopping mall and electricity sub-station.
这个区域靠近市中心，爆破方必须确保爆破时不会影响到附近的一条轻轨线路、一个购物中心和变电站。
Jia Yongsheng general director of the demolition company told China's state TV channel CCTV: 'For this kind of large-scale blasting demolition conducted in the downtown area we not only need to guarantee the demolition result but also strictly control the adverse effects of blasting.'
爆破公司总指挥贾永胜告诉中国国营电视台CCTV说：像这样在市中心的大规模爆破任务，不但要保证爆破结果（精确），还要控制爆破产生的不良影响。
The U.S. $10 bill will feature the portrait of a notable U.S. woman by 2020.
2020年，10美元钞票上将出现一名著名美国女性的画像。
The new image will replace that of Alexander Hamilton, the nation's first Treasury Secretary, whose portrait has graced the $10 bill since the late 1920s. The redesigned currency will debut in time for the 100th anniversary of the formal ratification of the constitutional amendment that gave women the right to vote.
新画像将取代美国首任财政部长亚历山大·汉密尔顿的画像。自上世纪20年末以来，10美元钞票上一直印有汉密尔顿的画像。新版10美元钞票将在赋予女性选举权的宪法修正案正式通过100周年之际开始发行。
Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew announced the plans for the new redesign Wednesday. Lew said the Treasury Department will launch a social media campaign dubbed "The New 10" to solicit ideas on whose portrait should be chosen for the new bill, along with a series of public meetings. He will reveal his decision sometime this year.
星期三，美国财政部长杰克·卢宣布了这一计划。他说，财政部将发起一个名为“新10元”的社交媒体运动，并将举行一系列公民会议，征集人们的想法，以确定在新版10美元钞票上印哪位女性的画像。
A woman's portrait has not been printed on U.S. paper money since 1896, when Martha Washington, the wife of the first U.S. president, was shown on a one dollar silver certificate.
1896年，美国首任总统的夫人玛莎·华盛顿的画像印在一美元银圆券上，此后美元纸币上再没有出现过女性画像。
Beloved TV show characters enter our lives as friends and impact us in crazy ways. They can make us laugh until our sides hurt, cry when things don't go well for them, and call in sick to work when we just can't stop watching and must know what happens. But through it all, we love them. And yet, there's so much that the audience will never know. Some TV shows have dark secrets. Some almost didn't exist at all. Here are some behind the scenes stories of your favorite TV shows.
一些深受喜爱的电视剧角色就像老朋友一样存在于我们的生活中，并对我们产生翻天覆地的影响。我们为之捧腹大笑，也为之潸然泪下，甚至不惜撒谎请假，只为能够端坐在电视机前得知他们的最新进展。自始至终，我们对他们如痴如醉。但是还有很多东西是观众无法从银幕上得知的，比如隐藏在这些电视剧中的小秘密。下面就是一些受人追捧的电视剧的幕后故事。
10.Firefly was Inspired by Gettysburg
10.《萤火虫》灵感来自葛底斯堡战役
Joss Whedon came up with the idea of Firefly while he was on a non-working vacation. He was reading a book called The Killer Angels which told the story of soldiers in the Battle of Gettysburg. Whedon was attracted to the idea of the difficulty of the soldiers' everyday lives. He liked that the author focused on the mundane details of how people survived when they didn't have all of their needs conveniently met by modern technology and commercialism.
乔斯·威登在度假的时候萌发了创作《萤火虫》的设想。他当时正在读一本叫做《天使杀手》的书，这本书讲述了一名葛底斯堡战役中的士兵的故事。威登深深地被这个士兵日复一日的艰辛生活所吸引。这本书的作者描写了大量日常生活中的繁琐细节，以及人们如何在缺乏现代科技和商业之便的情况下艰难度日。而威登对这种描写方式推崇备至。
Whedon had always loved the seemingly separate ideas of sci-fi and westerns, and through The Killer Angels, he saw a way to combine them. "I wanted to play with that classic notion of the frontier," he said. "Not the people who made history, but the people history stepped on—the people for whom every act is the creation of civilization." And Whedon decided to set the frontier on a spaceship: a ship named Serenity.
乔斯·威登一直都很喜欢科幻小说，也是西部小说的忠实拥趸。尽管这两种小说类型风马牛不相及，但是从《天使杀手》这部书中，他找到了一种方式，可以把二者融合起来。"我当时想把新垦地的概念好好地演绎一下"，他说，"人类文明是由那些被历史深深伤害了的人们推动前行的，而不是那些创造历史的伟人。"这一次，威登决定把新垦地从西部搬到了"宁静号"宇宙飞船上。
9.Carol and Susan's Wedding in Friends
9.《老友记》中卡罗尔和苏珊的婚礼
Friends wasn't known for being the most diverse show on television at the time, since the cast was comprised of almost entirely white actors. None of the main characters were anything other than "mainstream." Even the acknowledgement of Ross's first wife Carol being a lesbian was met with jokes about sexuality (mostly from Joey), and sexist comments were frequently incorporated into the script.
《老友记》里几乎都是白人演员，所以它在当时并不是一部以兼容并包著称的电视剧。剧中的主要角色没有一个是"非主流"。甚至乔伊还经常拿罗斯的第一个老婆是同性恋这事开玩笑，而且经常能在台词中看到性别歧视的只言片语。
However, in season two Friends took a big leap toward equality by featuring a gay wedding when Carol married her girlfriend Susan. Behind the scenes, executive producer Marta Kauffman said, "NBC expected thousands and thousands of phone calls and hate mail." However, after the episode aired, they received only four antagonistic letters. As it turns out, people just didn't care that much.
但是，当《老友记》第二季浓墨重彩地展现卡罗尔和苏珊的同性恋婚礼时，这个剧集就朝着人人平等的方向迈出了一大步。幕后，执行制片人玛塔·考夫曼说："国家广播公司预计会接到成千上万的投诉电话和邮件"。然而在这部剧集上映之后，收到的恶意信件却是寥寥无几。原来，大家根本就不在乎。
8.The Big Bang Theory Whiteboard Has Real Equations
8.《生活大爆炸》白板上的公式都是真的
The Big Bang Theory is not short on geniuses. Not only is the show about highly intelligent scientists, but cast member Mayim Bialik has a Ph.D. in Neuroscience. So it should come as no surprise that the cast would want to show off their intelligence and attention to detail. In Sheldon and Leonard's apartment, there's a large white board. The two roommates use the board frequently for everything from actual work that Leonard or Sheldon has brought home, or to decide whether to eat before or after the new Spider-Man movie.
《生活大爆炸》中绝不缺少天才。不只是因为这部剧向观众展示了很多绝顶聪明的科学家，同时，演员玛伊姆·比亚利克还拥有神经学博士学位。因此，演员们想要在剧中展示他们的聪明才智，并将整部剧做到精益求精，这也不足为奇。剧中谢尔顿和莱纳德的公寓里有一块很大的白板，这对铁哥们几乎在处理任何事时都会用到它，从完成从学校带回来的工作，到决定是否等到看完最新一部《蜘蛛侠》再吃饭，都离不开这块白板。
The board is frequently covered in equations. Have you ever wondered what those equations mean? Well, we may never know what they mean, but they are all real, accurate equations. Very impressive, Big Bang. Very impressive indeed.
这块白板经常被写满公式。但你是否曾好奇过这些公式都有什么含义？我们也许没有机会知道它们代表什么，但它们的确都是真实准确的公式。这一点相当给力。
7.M·A·S·H Star Never Signed his Contract
7.《风流医生俏护士》主演未与剧组签合同
When M·A·S·H first aired, the characters of Hawkeye and Trapper were meant to be equally sized roles. It was with that understanding that Wayne Rogers agreed to take the role of Trapper John. However, as Alan Alda began to make changes to the characters and have more influence on the direction of the show, Hawkeye began to seriously eclipse Trapper.
《风流医生俏护士》首播时，鹰眼和诱捕者这两个角色原本同等重要，也正是在这样的条件下，韦恩·罗杰斯才同意扮演诱捕者约翰。然而，当艾伦·艾尔达开始对这个角色进行改动并对整个剧情走向产生更大影响时，鹰眼使诱捕者这一角色黯然失色。
Rogers, unhappy with the turn of events, decided to leave the show after the first three seasons. The breach of contract led to a multi-million dollar lawsuit. Ironically, Wayne Rogers had never signed his contract to begin with (he had a problem with a morals clause). The lawsuit was thrown out. You could say Rogers got the last laugh, but since M·A·S·H went on for eight more seasons and Rogers' never reached the same career success again, the last laugh might be a relative concept.
罗杰斯对于中间剧情的反转十分不满，因此在拍完前三季之后决定离开剧组。这样的违约行为使他面临数百万美元的诉讼。但讽刺的是，韦恩·罗杰斯从来没有正式和剧组签订过合同（他涉及道德条款方面的问题）。因此该诉讼请求被驳回。你可能会说在这次的事件中，罗杰斯是笑到最后的人，但自从他离开剧组，《风流医生俏护士》又播出了八季，而罗杰斯在他的演艺生涯中再也没有取得过这样的成就。所以说他是笑到最后的人，也许只是一个相对的说法。
6.Jack Shephard Almost Died in the First Episode
6.杰克·谢帕德差点在第一集中死去
It's hard to imagine LOST without Jack Shephard as the group leader. Where would the show have been without him? Had the show's writers gotten their way, we would have learned the answer to that question. When the show was pitched to ABC, Jack Shephard's character was supposed to be killed after the pilot episode, and Kate was supposed to take on more of a leadership role in the series.
很难想象《迷失》中若是没有杰克·谢帕德作主角，这部剧会变成什么样。大概只有编剧真的这样写了，我们才会知道答案吧。美国广播公司引进这部剧后，杰克·谢帕德这一角色本该在坠机事件中遇难，接着将由凯特在这部剧中担任更多的领导角色。
In the original casting, Michael Keaton was set to play the character. However, ABC executives begged the writers and producers to keep Jack alive. They believed the character was too likeable to die off so quickly. The writers agreed. Michael Keaton was not interested in signing up for a long-running show. Instead, the role of Jack was given to Matthew Fox. The rest is TV history.
在最初的角色分配中，由迈克尔·基顿来扮演这个角色。不料，美国广播公司的高管们恳求编剧和制片人让杰克活下来，他们认为这个角色太讨人喜欢了，不应该这么快就被安排死去。编剧最终同意了。迈克尔·基顿并不想签约一部长篇电视剧，便由马修·福克斯代替他来扮演杰克的角色。接下来的电视剧情便众所周知了。
审校：赵倩 来源：前十网
5.Bryan Cranston was a Murder Suspect
5.布莱恩·克兰斯顿曾是杀人嫌疑犯
Many years before Bryan played "Walter White" on Breaking Bad, he and his brother worked in a restaurant in Florida. The head chef was a very mean man. In a 2011 podcast for Marc Maron, Cranston described him saying "No matter how nice you may have been to him, he hated you." Not surprisingly, all the wait staff routinely discussed how they wanted to kill him. Cranston says it was "all they talked about!"
多年以前，布莱恩·克兰斯顿还未在《绝命毒师》中饰演沃尔特·怀特，他曾和哥哥一起在一家餐馆打工。那儿的主厨是个非常刻薄的人。2011年，在马克·马龙的电台节目里当播客时，克兰斯顿如此描述道："无论你对他多好，他还是讨厌你。"因此，所有的服务生平时都在谈论着如何谋杀他。克兰斯顿说这就是"他们平时讨论的所有内容"。
Talking about wanting to kill your boss may not be that uncommon, but it does put a damper on things when said boss actually ends up murdered. When the police came to ask questions, they ended up learning that the Cranston brothers had recently resigned to ride their motorcycles cross-country. Until they could be cleared, the two men were both suspects.
想要谋杀老板的念头并不稀奇，但是当大家所讨论的老板真的死于谋杀时，就不是那么回事了。当警察来询问的时候，他们才知道，克兰斯顿兄弟俩已经辞职并骑着他们的摩托车横跨整个国家。他们俩在被证明清白之前都是嫌疑人。
4.Sex and the City Caused a Rush on Cupcakes
4.《欲望都市》掀起纸杯蛋糕热
In Sex and the City, Miranda and Carrie frequent a place called Magnolia Bakery at 401 Bleeker Street. After the episodes aired, hordes of people had to investigate those cupcakes. Nothing can incur cupcake mania quite like Carrie Bradshaw can. Magnolia Bakery received a huge boost in sales and customers. In fact, they were so popular that they had to hire a "bouncer" of sorts. Not quite your typical club bouncer, this bouncer was friendly and very interested in the finer points of cupcakes.
在电视剧《欲望都市》里，米兰达和嘉莉常去布里克街401号的木兰烘焙坊。剧集播出以后，成群结队的人前去对那些纸杯蛋糕一探究竟。没有谁能像凯莉·布拉德肖那样带来一股纸杯蛋糕热。木兰烘焙坊也因此销量大增，顾客盈门。事实上，他们因为大受欢迎而不得不聘请了一位类似"保安"的工作人员。不同于一般的俱乐部保安，这位保安非常友好，并且相当注重蛋糕的细节。
He was responsible for monitoring how many cupcake aficionados were allowed in the store at one time. Of course Magnolia Bakery isn't exactly complaining. The store proudly displays memorabilia from the show on the walls of their many locations. Today, Magnolia Bakery is known for their banana pudding, but they will always owe their initial success to Carrie Bradshaw and a red velvet cupcake.
保安负责监管烘焙坊一次能容纳多少蛋糕狂热者。当然，木兰烘焙坊并没有因为人多而怨气冲冲。烘焙坊把电视剧纪念品展览于多家分店的墙上，并引以为豪。现在，木兰烘焙坊以香蕉布丁而闻名，但他们的最初成功应该归功于凯莉·布拉德肖以及红天鹅绒纸杯蛋糕。
3.The Andrea Yates Trial Inspired Desperate Housewives
3.《绝望主妇》灵感来源于安德烈·耶茨案
In 2002, Marc Cherry (the creator of Desperate Housewives) was watching the news with his mother in her home. The lead story on the news that day (and many days before) was the Andrea Yates trial. Andrea was on trial for drowning her five children in the bathtub. Marc turned to his mother and asked, "Could you imagine a woman being so desperate that she would murder her own children?"
2002年，电视剧《绝望主妇》的制片人马克·切利正在家和他母亲看着电视。那天（以及前几天）的头条新闻是安德烈·耶茨案件审判。她因在浴缸里溺死自己的5个孩子而受审。马克转身问他母亲："你能想象一个女人究竟是多么绝望才会杀了亲生孩子？"
Martha Cherry took a cigarette out of her mouth, murmured, "I've been there," and resumed smoking. Marc was in shock (which, let's face it, is a pretty healthy response when you realize your own mother may or may not have had thoughts of murdering you while you bathed). He realized for the first time how desperate and lonely it could be to be a housewife. He realized then and there that he was upon a very good idea for a TV show. This conversation was the birth of Desperate Housewives.
玛莎·切利取出嘴里的香烟，喃喃低语："我也曾经这么想过。"说完便又抽起了烟。马克震惊了（我们想象一下，当知道你的亲生母亲可能会在你沐浴时杀了你，这反应很正常）。马克第一次意识到家庭主妇会变得多么绝望和孤独。接着，他就想到这会是电视剧的一个好素材。这次谈话便开启了《绝望主妇》的制作。
2.The Fresh Prince of Bel Air was Almost Bankrupt
2.《活力王子》中的王子几乎破产
Will Smith had a very successful career in the late 80s and early 90s as the second half of rap duo DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince. But in spite of his financial success, Smith did not manage his money well. It's a pretty classic tale, really. New fame, lots of money, no future plans, and lots of fancy toys added up to a lot of overspending. This lack of oversight and fiscal irresponsibility landed him on the brink of bankruptcy. He owed the government back taxes that he had not paid.
威尔·史密斯早年成名，那是上世纪80年代末90年代初，他做嘻哈组合"DJ爵士杰夫&活力王子"的后期成员时。然而，虽然他赚得盆满钵盈，却不善于管理金钱。这真是个老掉牙的故事。名望、金钱扑面而来；却没有远见，空有一堆玩物，最终导致超支。对财产的监管意识与责任感的缺失，让他从富有的顶峰一下跌到破产的边缘。没落之后，他欠政府的退缴税一直没能偿还。
When he was offered the role of "Will" on Fresh Prince, he had 70% of his wages garnished for the first three seasons. After three years, he was able to take home his full salary. Basically, the first line of the theme song could have been written about Will Smith's real life: "This is a story all about how/My life got flip-turned upside down." Except in real life, the "guys making trouble in his neighborhood" was the IRS.
当他饰演《活力王子》中"威尔"一角时，前三季的薪水都被制作方扣除了70%！三年之后他才拿到全额工资。碰巧的是，主题曲的第一句就如同是按他的真实经历所写："这故事就是说/我翻腾的生活/如何大起大落"。只不过在现实中，那个"（他）爱闹事的邻居"是美国国税局。
1."The Little Kicks" in Seinfeld Almost Didn't Happen
1.《宋飞正传》"踢脚舞"一集差点流产
In the episode "The Little Kicks," we get to see Elaine's fabulously hilarious dance moves. It's almost impossible to imagine a version of Seinfeld in which Elaine doesn't dance in such a funky way. And yet shockingly, this was almost the case. Writer Spike Fereston knew that series creator Larry David was against the dance, and he was only able to get it approved after David left. He was able to get the dance approve, but still received a lot of push back from the other writers.
在"踢脚舞"这集中，我们得以看到伊莱恩·薄伯那难以置信的滑稽舞步。简直难以想象没有她这么带感的放克舞蹈，《宋飞正传》会是什么样子。然而，令人震惊的是，那差点就成了现实。编剧之一斯派克·费雷斯滕知道，制作人拉里·戴维一定会反对这场舞戏，所以他只能等到戴维离开之后。当他的这场舞戏终于获得许可，却又遭到不少同事的强烈反对。
Fereston recalls when writer Jennifer Crittenden stopped him in the hallway after filming and asked him, 'Are you sure about this? Are you sure you're not ruining Julia Louis-Dreyfus' career?' Considering Dreyfus won an Emmy that same year, it's safe to say the dance was a good career move for the actress. And now to reminisce, here is Elaine doing her famous "Elaine Dance."
据斯派克回忆，一天，拍摄工作结束后，另一位编剧詹妮弗·克里滕登在走廊叫住他，问："你一定要这样吗？你确定这样不会毁了朱莉娅的前程吗？"考虑到当年朱莉娅凭此剧获得艾美奖，我们不妨说这场舞戏其实让这位女演员在演艺事业上更进了一步。为了怀旧，您不妨抽空再去回顾一下伊莱恩和她著名的"伊莱恩舞步"。
审校：赵倩 来源：前十网
Like any college kid, Evan Wray loved using the tiny pictograms known as emoji. But he hated that there was no emoji to express his Fighting Irish pride with fellow University of Notre Dame students. So, alongside co-founder Sean O’Brien, he built a modest business on that disconnect. TextPride, as it was called, licensed images from brands in the sports and entertainment world and sold them as sticker packs. Within a messaging app like Kik, users could buy a packet of stickers for Disney’s Frozen for $1.99, for example.
和所有大学生一样，埃文o雷喜欢使用表情符号。但让他恼火的是，没有什么表情符号能够让他向圣母大学的同学表达自己对该校橄榄球队战斗的爱尔兰人的自豪感。于是，他和肖恩o欧布莱恩一起创办了一桩小生意，以弥补这一空白。这款名为TextPride的产品从体育和娱乐世界中获得图像授权，然后将其打包成贴纸出售。比如，在Kik这样的短信应用中，用户可以花1.99美元买一包迪斯尼电影《冰雪奇缘》的贴纸。
TextPride was a fine business, but a tiny one. Meanwhile, the market for messaging apps was exploding. Facebook FB 0.61% bought WhatsApp for $19 billion; that service now has 700 million monthly active users. Tango, an app with 250 million registered users, is worth $1.5 billion. Kik has 200 million registered users. Snapchat, worth $10 billion, has 100 million users. A new study, commissioned by Kik, shows that U.S. users now spend more time on average in messaging apps than they do on social networking apps. The only problem? These messaging apps need ways to make money, and there’s no reasonable way for advertisers to wedge themselves into conversations between friends.
TextPride是一门不错的生意，就是规模太小。与此同时，短信应用市场正在爆炸式增长。Facebook公司斥资190亿美元并购了WhatsApp，这款产品的每月活跃用户现已达到7亿人。拥有2.5亿注册用户的应用Tango目前市值15亿美元。Kik拥有2亿注册用户。Snapchat价值100亿美元，拥有一亿用户。Kik赞助的一项新研究表明，美国用户现在花在短信应用上的平均时间要多于社交网络应用。不过唯一的问题是，这些短信应用需要找到赚钱的手段，目前广告主还没找到靠谱的方式插入朋友间的聊天之中。
This is a thorny issue that’s unique to messaging apps. We expect ads to live alongside content we consume. We don’t expect them to crop up in our one-on-one communications. “The last thing you want in a personal conversation is a banner ad or pop-up that interrupts that,” Wray says. “It might work with more impersonal networks, but specifically within messaging, people hate traditional ads.”
这也是短信应用独有的棘手问题。在消费内容时，我们希望广告乖乖待在一边。没人想在聊天时突然有条广告蹦出来。雷表示：“人们在聊天时最不想看到的就是打断对话的广告条或弹出式广告。可能这在非个人的网络上还管用，但在短信中，人们最恼火的就是看到传统广告。”
WhatsApp had been particularly ad-averse before its sale to Facebook. CEO Jan Koum kept a note from co-founder Brian Acton taped to his desk to remind him of the company’s core values. It read: “No Ads! No Games! No Gimmicks!”
在出售给Facebook前，WhatsApp一直特别反对植入广告。该公司首席执行官让o库姆在自己桌上一直贴着联合创始人布莱恩o阿克顿留下的一张便条，随时提醒自己牢记公司的核心价值观：“不要广告！不要游戏！不要宣传噱头！”这样一来，短信应用只好想出别的创意。比如Tango就在用户的短信“收件箱”里插入广告。中国互联网巨头腾讯公司旗下的短信应用——微信，则通过游戏、贴纸（类似于表情符号）和移动购物等方式谋取赚钱之道。Kik则提供一种被一些人称为“聊天广告”的功能，用户通过它能和幽默网站Funny or Die及电影信息网站Moviefone这类品牌运营的聊天程序进行交谈。
So the messaging apps have gotten creative. Tango, for example, inserts ads within a user’s messaging “inbox.” WeChat, a popular Chinese app that is owned by Tencent, makes money through games, stickers (which are similar to emojis), and mobile commerce. Kik offers a feature that some are calling “chatvertising,” where users hold conversations with chat-bots powered by brands like Funny or Die and Moviefone.
上周二，Snapchat推出了一种名为Discover的服务，Vice、CNN和《人物》杂志等媒体可通过它在Snapchat发布视频内容。已经有几个频道推出广告服务，要价可不便宜。据《广告周刊》报道，Snapchat的广告标价是每天75万美元。
Snapchat on Tuesday launched Discover, a section of its app where media outlets including Vice, CNN andPeople magazine can publish video content within Snapchat. Already several of the channels feature ads, which aren’t cheap. According to Adweek, Snapchat ads cost $750,000 per day.
还是说回TextPride吧。雷和欧布莱恩发现，用户很喜欢各种品牌授权的表情符号，他们相信广告主肯定希望非常便捷地通过一家供应商来进入多种短信应用。但他们也明白，这充其量只能占到这项业务的一半份额。对运动队这类大名鼎鼎的品牌来说，用户是愿意为这些贴纸埋单的。但那些不知名的品牌就需要自己掏钱来挤进这个圈子了。
But back to TextPride. Wray and O’Brien saw the way users eagerly engaged with their branded emojis, and believed advertisers appreciated the convenience of using one vendor to get many different messaging apps. But they realized that that was only half of the business. For certain established brands like sports teams, people will pay for stickers. But other, unknown brands would pay just to be included.
TextPride已经改名为Swyft Media，并推出了一个能将新品牌表情符号和贴纸推送到短信应用中的新平台。各大品牌需要为此付费，一如传统的广告推广活动。
TextPride changed its name to Swyft Media and launched a platform that pushes emojis and stickers from new brands into messaging apps. Brands pay for the privilege, as they would with a regular ad campaign.
最近的一个例子是：当格温o史蒂芬尼发布新专辑《 Spark the Fire》时，Swyft公司即时设计了一个免费贴纸包，在自己的几个短信应用中推出。它被下载了近一百万次，并在用户中传送了七百万次，最后在10天内被观看了4100万次。雷表示，对任何品牌来说，要在其他渠道达到这样的广告效果，需要花上5万到25万美元。
A recent example: When Gwen Stefani launched her new album Spark the Fire, Swyft created a free sticker pack and distributed it on several of its messaging apps. It was downloaded almost a million times and sent between users seven million times, resulting in 41 million impressions in 10 days. Such campaigns cost anywhere from $50,000 to $250,000 for brands, Wray says.
格温o史蒂芬尼的广告在好几个应用上同时推出，其中就有总部位于硅谷的短信应用Tango。Tango主要通过用户收件箱里的广告赚钱，但它已采用了Swyft的平台，该公司广告和平台副总裁理查德o拉百特表示，这类广告非常契合人们使用Tango的方式。一年前，Tango决定不再卖贴纸了，因为向用户要钱总会带来很多摩擦。拉百特称：“在人们沟通过程中放上一道‘留下买路钱’的大门绝不是我们希望带给用户的体验。”所以，就由Swyft来提供这种广告吧。
The Gwen Stefani campaign ran on several apps, including Tango, the Silicon Valley-based messaging app. Tango earns money on ads within a user’s inbox, but it has adopted Swyft’s platform because the ads are in line with the way people already use Tango, says Richard Rabbat, vice president of Advertising and Platform at Tango. A year ago, Tango decided not to sell stickers, because asking users for money creates too much friction, he says. “Putting a payment gate in the way of communication is not the right experience we want to give to our users,” Rabbat says. Ergo, ad campaigns from Swyft.
现在，Swyft一半的收入都来自于为格温o史蒂芬尼制作的这类广告。雷表示，Swyft每月收入的增长幅度在50% 到100%之间。另一半就来自销售贴纸——主要是靠知名运动队和《怪物史莱克》这样的娱乐品牌授权。
Swyft now makes half of its money from ad campaigns like the one for Gwen Stefani. Swyft’s revenue has increased between 50% and 100% each month, Wray says. The other half comes from selling stickers—typically licensed from sports teams and entertainment brands like Shrek.
Swyft有50家短信应用合作伙伴，包括Kakao Talk, Facebook Messenger, BlackBerry Messenger和 Line。这种合作让这家只有11个人的小公司能接触到25亿注册用户。随着利用短信应用赚钱的办法不断演化，这家年轻的创业公司已探索出一条可让各大品牌挤进人们聊天领域的生财之道。（财富中文网）
Swyft works with 50 different messaging partners, including Kakao Talk, Facebook Messenger, BlackBerry Messenger, and Line. The partnerships give the 11-person company access to 2.5 billion registered users. As the strategies for monetizing messaging apps evolve, the young startup has carved out a way for brands to inject themselves into the conversation.
译者：清远
The illustration on Google's homepage on Monday may look pretty whimsical, but it's spotlighting a very serious issue: clean water. Not bad for an 11-year-old from Long Island.
本周一的谷歌首页涂鸦看起来十分意想天开，但关注却是一个非常严肃的问题：净水。该作品出自一名来自纽约长岛的11岁孩子之手，相当不错。
Audrey Zhang, a fifth-grader from Levittown, N.Y., is the winner of this year's Doodle 4 Google competition, rising to the top of some 100,000 entries on the theme of "draw one thing to make the world a better place."
纽约州莱维敦的五年级学生张天羽在10万名参赛者中脱颖而出，赢得了本年度谷歌国际少年绘画大赛冠军。这次比赛的主题是“画一个能使世界变得更好的东西”。
Her piece, titled “Back to Mother Nature," depicts an elaborate water-cleaning machine. Zhang worked with a team of artists at Google to animate her drawing.
她的作品《回归大自然》描绘了一台复杂的净水机器。她和一组谷歌的艺术家们共同将这幅作品变成了动画。
"To make the world a better place, I invented a transformative water purifier," Google quoted Zhang as saying. "It takes in dirty and polluted water from rivers, lakes and even oceans, then massively transforms the water into clean, safe and sanitary water. When humans and animals drink this water, they will live a healthier life."
“为了让世界更好，我想到了一台革命性的净水器” 谷歌引用了张天羽的原话，“它能够大量转化江河湖海里的污水，把它们变成安全卫生的净水。人和动物喝这种水，会活得更健康。”
She created a whole world around the device -- one populated by humans, a whale in a top hat and dragons.
在作品中，她围绕这台机器创造了一整个世界：人类、带着大礼帽的鲸鱼和龙居住在其中。
Zhang's piece is “so lush and so rich and so full and so complete,” Google Doodle team leader Ryan Germick told the Washington Post. “Every leaf seemed to have life in it.”
张天羽的作品“非常丰富和完整”，谷歌涂鸦团队领导瑞安·格米克对《华盛顿邮报》表示，“仿佛每片树叶都有生命”。
Along with having her artwork featured on Google's homepage, Zhang wins a $30,000 college scholarship. In addition, her school will receive a $50,000 Google for Education technology grant, and the company is donating $20,000 in her name to a charity dedicated to bringing clean water to schools in Bangladesh.
除了作品被展示在谷歌主页，张天羽还获得了3万美元的大学奖学金。她所在的学校也将获得5万美元的谷歌教育科技拨款。谷歌还以她的名义向慈善机构捐赠了2万美元，用于给孟加拉的学校提供净水。
On Sunday, the night before the Doodle debuted, Zhang told Newsday she was "excited" by the big win, but said she wouldn't be awake when her art first went online at midnight.
周日也就是张天羽的作品被谷歌展示的前一天，她接受纽约长岛报纸《新闻日》的采访，表示自己对获奖感到兴奋，但不会熬夜等自己的作品上线。
"I have school tomorrow, so I can't stay up late," she told the paper.
“我明天还要上学，不能晚睡。” 张天羽如是说。
A schoolgirl aged 11 has been honoured as "America's top young scientist" for inventing a quick, low-cost test to detect lead-contaminated water.
一名11岁的女学生因发明了一个快速、廉价测试铅污染水的方法，而被誉为“美国顶尖青年科学家”。
Gitanjali Rao was selected from 10 finalists who had spent three months collaborating with scientists to develop their ideas.
Gitanjali Rao是从10名参加决赛的选手们中被选出来的，他们花了三个月的时间与科学家们进行合作，来实现自己的想法。
Her device uses carbon nanotubes to detect the presence of lead. Thousands of US water systems are reportedly contaminated by lead.
她的设备使用了碳纳米管来检测铅的存在。据报道，数千个美国供水系统都有铅污染的问题。
Gitanjali's invention was inspired by the scandal in Flint, Michigan, where officials are facing charges, she told Business Insider.
Gitanjali向《商业内幕》透露，她的发明是受到了密歇根弗林特市丑闻的启发，该地的官员们正面临着指控。
Until now, testing reliably for lead was expensive and meant sending away samples for analysis.
到现在为止，要想准确可靠地检测到铅的存在，这都是非常昂贵的，同时这也意味着要发送样品，以用于分析。
But Gitanjali's portable invention allows a sensor linked to a mobile app to give an accurate, almost immediate analysis.
但是Gitanjali的便携发明，可以通过一个与手机app连接的传感器，就得出一个确切、及时的分析。
Gitanjali said she wanted to further refine the device so it could eventually go on the market.
Gitanjali表示，她想要进一步改善改设备，这样它最终就能进入市场了。
Gitanjali won a $25,000 prize for scooping the top award.
Gitanjali因为拿下了本次最高奖项，从而获得了一笔2.5万美元的奖金。
Chinese exports rose at more than twice the rate expected in November, boosting the country’s trade surplus.
11月，中国的出口总值增速是预期的2倍多，这增加了中国的贸易顺差。
The dollar value of outbound shipments from China rose 12.3 per cent year on year in November, lifting from a revised pace of 6.8 per cent in October, and smashing a median forecast of 5 per cent from economists polled by Reuters.
以美元值计，11月中国的出口总值同比上升12.3%，比10月的出口总值同比增速6.9%有所提高，高于路透社(Reuters)调查的经济学家给出的预测中值5%。
Import growth lifted year-on-year to a pace of 17.7 per cent for the period, up from 17.2 per cent a month earlier and beating an expected rate of 11.3 per cent.
以美元值计，11月中国的进口总值同比上升17.7%，比10月的17.2%高，高于11.3%的预期增速。
Those trade flows, published by the General Administration of Customs, resulted in China’s trade surplus rising than $2bn to $40.2bn, surpassing October’s revised figure of $38.2bn and well ahead of September’s revised six-month low of $28.6b. November’s trade surplus was also ahead of the $35bn forecast by economists.
根据中国海关总署发布的数据，这些进出口贸易使11月中国的贸易顺差比10月的贸易顺差382亿美元提高20亿美元，至402亿美元，远超9月份的6个月低点286亿美元。11月的贸易差额也超过了经济学家预期的350亿美元。
Julian Evans-Pritchard, China economist at Capital Economics, commented:
凯投宏观(Capital Economics)中国经济学家朱利安?埃文斯-普里查德(Julian Evans-Pritchard)评论道：“结果是，上个月中国的贸易看起来惊人强劲。在全球需求强劲的背景下，我们预期未来数月出口还将继续表现良好。”
The upshot is that Chinese trade looks to have been surprisingly strong last month. We expect exports to continue to perform well in the coming months on the back of strong global demand.
“然而，考虑到政策紧缩的延迟影响，以及房地产市场降温将在未来数个季度压制中国对大宗商品的需求，我们怀疑出口的增长势头是否还能维持下去。”
However, we are sceptical that the strength of imports can be sustained given that the delayed impact of policy tightening and a cooling property market are set to weigh on Chinese demand for commodities in coming quarters.
野村证券(Nomura)的分析师表示：“我们预期这一轮出口增长的反弹不会维持很长时间，未来数月增长势头将恢复温和，原因是人民币的升值可能弱化中国的出口竞争力，且即使习主席和特朗普总统近期在北京会面，发生贸易摩擦的潜在风险并未显著减轻。”
China's manufacturing sector last month expanded at the slowest pace since March.
中国官方采购经理人指数(PMI)显示，中国制造业活动出现了3月份以来的最慢扩张速度。与此同时，汇丰银行(HSBC)发布的正式PMI指数也出现了6个月内的最低读数。
The state-sponsored purchasing managers' index fell from 50.8 in October to 50.3 in November, the lowest reading since March. Any level above 50 indicates expansion.
中国官方PMI指数从10月份的50.8跌至11月份的50.3，这是3月份以来的最低读数。高于50的读数表示相关产业处于扩张之中。
The reading is just below economists' forecasts but it's not altogether surprising. When the People's Bank of China unexpectedly cut interest rates last month, some analysts said the move was likely a pre-emptive one and that a spate of weak data was likely ahead. Well, here it is.
该读数略低于经济学家的预期，不过总体上并不令人吃惊。上个月当中国央行(PBoC)出人意料地采取降息措施时，部分分析师就曾表示，此举可能是一种预防性措施，新出来的经济数据很可能较为疲弱。如今，事实正如他们的预期。
HSBC said its private reading of China's manufacturing sector was stagnant last month, confirming a "flash" estimate already published.
而汇丰银行(HSBC)则表示，上个月该行自己发布的中国制造业PMI指数显示出了制造业停止扩张的现象，从而确认了此前已发布的“预览版”估值。
The index fell from 50.4 in October to a six-month low of 50.0.
汇丰发布的正式PMI指数从10月份的50.4降至11月份的50.0，这是6个月内的最低读数。
The low reading was driven by a fall in the production component, whereas the forward-looking new orders component increased for a sixth straight month.
之所以会出现这一较低读数，是因为产量因素出现了下跌——尽管前瞻性新订单因素连续第6个月上升。
“Total new business increased at a modest pace that was little-changed from October. However, November data indicated that foreign demand continued to soften, with the latest expansion of new export business the slowest since June. ”
汇丰的报告表示：“总的新业务在以温和的幅度增长，这与10月份没什么不同。然而，11月的数据显示外国需求继续疲软，新增出口业务的扩张幅度是6月份以来最低的。”
HSBC economist Hongbin Qu said the survey pointed to lost momentum in China's manufacturing sector: He expects Beijing to respond with measures to counteract the slowdown.
汇丰银行经济学家屈宏斌表示，汇丰银行的调查结果表明中国制造业正在失去增长势头，预计中国政府会采取措施对抗经济放缓。
“Domestic demand expanded at a sluggish pace while new export order growth eased to a five-month low ... We continue to expect further monetary and fiscal easing measures to offset downside risks to growth.”
他说：“国内需求增长太慢，而新增出口订单的增幅又放缓至5个月内的低点……我们依然预计（中国政府）会推出进一步货币和财政宽松举措，以抵消经济增长的下行风险。”
A private reading on China's manufacturing sector suggests the slowdown continued last month but that conditions had not worsened as much as in October. The Caixin-sponsored preliminary manufacturing PMI was 48.6 in November, versus expectations of 48.3. It had been 48.3 in October.
11月，由财新网(Caixin)赞助的中国制造业采购经理人指数(PMI)初值为48.6，高于预期的48.3。而10月份该读数则为48.3。读数显示上个月中国制造业活动在继续放缓，不过情况没有10月份那么糟糕。
It was last above 50 - the threshold separating contraction from expansion - in February.
该读数最后一次高于50是在2月份。对于该指数来说，是否高于50是区分制造业活动是扩张还是收缩的荣枯线。
The Caixin-sponsored series is based on a much smaller sample of private companies than the official PMI reading, which focuses on larger state enterprises, and tends to be more volatile.
这个由财新赞助的系列指数，是基于对民营企业的调查得出的，样本数目也比官方PMI指数少得多，往往波动性更大。相比之下，官方PMI指数则主要关注规模更大的国有企业。
However the prolonged period of contraction fits with the overall pattern of the slowing Chinese economy.
不过，漫长的收缩期也符合正在放缓的中国经济的总体趋势。
Less than an hour ago the official manufacturing PMI for November came in at 49.6, the fourth consecutive month of contraction and below the 49.8 reading economists were looking for. Analysts at ANZ said, in relation to that PMI series:“With soft growth momentum and deflation pressures creeping up, we expect the authorities to further ease monetary policy and continue to implement an expansionary fiscal policy in order to prevent further slowdown of the economy in 2016.”
在不到一小时前，11月中国官方制造业PMI指数公布，为49.6，是连续第四个月收缩，也低于经济学家49.8的预期。在谈到这一PMI指数时，澳新银行(ANZ)分析师表示：“由于增长势头疲软和通缩压力加剧，我们预计当局会进一步放宽货币政策并继续实施扩张性财政政策，以阻止经济在2016年进一步放缓。”
China’s foreign exchange reserves posted their third-largest monthly decline on record last month, central bank data showed yesterday, renewing worries about capital outflows after reserves had appeared to stabilise.
昨日发布的央行数据显示，中国外汇储备上月出现有记录以来第三大单月降幅。这重燃了人们对于中国遭遇资本外流的担忧，此前中国外汇储备似乎企稳。
Forex reserves fell $87bn in November, near the record $94bn decline suffered in August — the same month that the central bank surprised global markets by allowing the renminbi to depreciate by 3 per cent in three days.
11月中国外汇储备下降８７２．２３亿美元，接近8月下降940亿美元的纪录——该月中国央行出乎全球市场意料地允许人民币在三天里贬值4.6%。
China’s reserves have fallen for nine of 11 months this year and stand at $3.43tn, as investors sell renminbi assets to protect themselves against depreciation and the central bank sells dollars from its reserves to curb renminbi weakness. Falling interest rates in China and expectations of an imminent rate rise by the US Federal Reserve have also fuelled outflows. Reserves rebounded mildly in October, suggesting outflows had diminished.
中国外汇储备在今年前11个月中的9个月下降，目前约为3.43万亿美元。投资者抛售人民币资产以保护自己免受贬值影响，而央行出售外汇储备中的美元以遏止人民币弱势。中国利率不断下降，而美联储(Federal Reserve)预计很快将开始加息，也助燃了资本外流。中国外汇储备曾在10月轻微反弹，似乎表明外流已趋于停止。
China’s forex reserves — the world’s largest — have long been seen as the ultimate guarantor of financial stability, since they can be used to hedge against capital flight or to bail out domestic financial institutions struggling with a rise in bad debts.
中国拥有世界上最大的外汇储备，它一直被视为金融稳定的最终保障，因为外储可以被用来对冲资本外流，或纾困艰难应对坏账增加的国内金融机构。
The unprecedented declines have raised worries that the reserves could quickly evaporate if capital outflows continue and the central bank continues to defend the exchange rate. Most analysts believe the central bank will be forced to curtail its intervention in order to prevent further depletion of its reserves.
中国外汇储备出现史无前例的下跌，已经引发市场担心：如果资本外流持续下去，而央行继续捍卫汇率，外储可能迅速蒸发。多数分析师相信，中国央行将被迫缩减干预力度，以免外汇储备进一步枯竭。
The People’s Bank of China has long intervened in foreign-exchange markets to hedge against excessive volatility. Since August, however, such intervention has expanded from the domestic spot market, which covers daily transactions, to include the offshore renminbi market in Hong Kong, as well as both onshore and offshore futures markets, traders say.
中国人民银行(PBoC)干预外汇市场由来已久，目的是防止过度波动。不过，交易员们表示，自今年8月以来，这种干预已从国内即期市场（覆盖日常交易）扩大至包括香港的离岸人民币市场，以及在岸和离岸期货市场。
Following the devaluation in mid-August, the renminbi rallied in September and October. Devaluation resumed in November, however, and the renminbi closed at its weakest level in three months at 6.4082 to the dollar yesterday. “Since October many countries around China have experienced some capital outflow, and China has had its share,” said Xie Yaxuan, an economist at China Merchants Securities in Shenzhen. “The strengthening dollar is bound to cause some repositioning into dollar assets.”
继8月中旬贬值后，人民币在9月和10月有所上涨，但在11月再度走低，昨日人民币汇率收跌至三个月最疲弱水平，为1美元兑6.4082元人民币。“中国周边很多国家自10月份起经历了一些资本外流，中国也未能幸免，”深圳招商证券(China Merchants Securities)经济学家谢亚轩表示。“美元走强势必在一定程度上引发转投美元资产的行为。”
Ms Xie estimates that around 40 per cent of the decline in November — about $35bn — is attributable to valuation effects related to the weakening of the euro and other currencies against the dollar in November, rather than outflows.
谢亚轩估计，11月中国外储下降的大约40%（350亿美元左右）可归因于欧元和其他货币相对于美元走弱的估值影响，而不是资本外流。
Additional reporting by Ma Nan
Ma Nan补充报道
House prices in China continue to fall as investors shift focus from the property market into equities.
11月中国房地产价格继续下跌，因投资者把更多注意力从房地产市场转向股市。
China's National Bureau of Statistics said its property prices index for November showed that new home prices fell 3.7 per cent from a year ago, the third straight annual decline following readings of -2.6 per cent in October and -1.3 per cent in September.
中国国家统计局(NBS)周四表示，最新房地产价格指数显示，11月新房价格同比下跌3.7%，为连续第三个月同比下跌，10月和9月分别同比下跌2.6%和1.3%。
On the a monthly basis prices fell by an average 0.5 per cent.
11月房价环比平均下跌0.5%。
Annual prices had been rising as much as 9.6 per cent at the start of this year but they've cooled since then as the economy slows and many mid-sized Chinese cities suffer from a glut of apartments.
中国房价在今年初曾以9.6%的同比增速快速上涨，但此后随着经济放缓以及很多中等规模城市遭遇房产供应过剩，房价一直在下跌。
China's property companies have been escalating promotional efforts and cutting prices in a bid to maintain sales volumes.
中国房地产公司一直在加大促销力度和降价，以保持销量。
Meanwhile, in recent months mainland investors have been rapidly owning equity trading accounts and putting money into the stock market. The Shanghai Composite has become the region's best performing index, rising nearly 45 per cent year to date.
与此同时，最近几个月，中国内地投资者一直在迅速开设股票交易账户并将资金投入股市。上证综指已成为亚洲今年表现最佳的股指，今年迄今已累计上涨近45%。
The dollar value of China’s exports and imports grew in November after two months of contraction and in the face of a rally by the greenback that followed last month’s US presidential election.
11月份以美元计算的中国出口和进口额都增加了，此前它们经历了两个月的收缩，而且这一增长是在上月美国总统选举后美元升值背景下实现的。
Imports grew 6.7 per cent year-on-year to $152.2bn after falling 1.4 per cent the previous month, according to China’s General Administration of Customs, defying a median forecast predicting contraction would worsen to 1.9 per cent.
根据中国海关总署(General Administration of Customs)的数据，在经历了此前一个月的同比下跌1.4%之后，11月份中国的进口同比增长6.7%，至1522亿美元，远高于同比收缩1.9%的预测中值。
That growth in the value of inbound shipments came despite a strengthening dollar that drove up costs for importers. Import growth valued in local currency terms reflected that relative weakness with a rise of 13 per cent in November.
进口价值的增长是在强势美元推高进口商成本的情况下实现的。11月份以人民币计算的进口增长幅度则为同比增长13%，反映了人民币的相对弱势。
Exports had risen in renminbi terms last month as well, up 5.9 per cent. But when valued in dollars they grew only 0.1 per cent year on year to $196.8bn. Still, that was well above expectations of a 5 per cent fall after contraction had softened somewhat in October to 7.3 per cent.
11月份以人民币计算的出口也同样上升了，同比上升5.9%。不过，若以美元计算，同比增幅则只有0.1%，达到1968亿美元。不过，这仍然大大超过了下滑5%的预期。在之前的10月份，出口同比跌幅曾为7.3%，跌势有所缓和。
That brought the balance of trade to $49.06bn, down about $4.3bn from November and coming in about $2.3bn lower than forecast.
这让11月份的贸易顺差达到446.1亿美元，比10月份减少约44.5亿美元，低于预期。
Much of the boost in exports came from shipments to the US, which grew for the first time since March at an annualised rate of 6.9 per cent to $36.8bn. Among other destinations that swung back to growth last month was the the EU, shipments to which rose 5.1 per cent to $29.9bn, as did those to Japan, by 3.2 per cent to $12.2bn.
出口的提振在很大程度上源自对美出口，其价值自3月份以来首次出现同比增长，同比增6.9%，至368亿美元。在其他出口目的地中，对欧盟出口同比增长5.1%，至299亿美元，对日本出口同比增长3.2%，至122亿美元。
Exports to both South Korea and Asean countries fell by about 3 per cent, however, while those to re-exporter Hong Kong dropped by more than 16 per cent.
不过，对韩国和东盟(Asean)国家的出口都下滑了约3%，而对香港的转口贸易下滑幅度逾16%。
重点单词
查看全部解释
senior
['si:nj?]
想一想再看
adj. 年长的，高级的，资深的，地位较高的
联想记忆
X
单词senior 联想记忆：
sen年老+ior表形容词，“较…的”→年长的
retreat
[ri'tri:t]
想一想再看
n. 休息寓所，撤退，隐居
v. 撤退，向后倾
联想记忆
X
单词retreat 联想记忆：
re反，treat＝tract拉－拉回－撤退
decline
[di'klain]
想一想再看
n. 衰微，跌落; 晚年
v. 降低，婉谢
speculative
['spekju.l?tiv]
想一想再看
adj. 推测的，推理的，思索的，投机的
property
['pr?p?ti]
想一想再看
n. 财产，所有物，性质，地产，道具
联想记忆
X
单词property 联想记忆：
proper拥有+ty→财产；所有物；特性
purchase
['p?:ts]
想一想再看
vt. 买，购买
n. 购买，购买的物品
mortgage
['m?:gid?]
想一想再看
n. 按揭，抵押贷款
vt. 抵押
联想记忆
X
单词mortgage 联想记忆：
mort=death死+gage抵押品→抵押品不能动，像死一样→抵押(品)
contain
[k?n'tein]
想一想再看
vt. 包含，容纳，克制，抑制
vi. 自制
联想记忆
X
单词contain 联想记忆：
con全部，tain拿－全部拿住－包含
institute
['institju:t]
想一想再看
n. 学会，学院，协会
vt. 创立，开始，制
联想记忆
X
单词institute 联想记忆：
in进入，stitute站，建立－站进去；进入建立的状态－创立
slew
[slu:]
想一想再看
n. 沼地，极多，回转 n. 大量，许多 v. 使转，扭
联想记忆
X
单词slew 联想记忆：
slew是slow慢慢聚集的
Accelerating price growth for new housing in cities across China lost more steam in November amid a flurry of purchasing curbs in major cities, though price gains from a year earlier remained comfortably in double-digit territory.
11月份，由于大中城市实施了一波限购措施，中国全国城市新建住宅价格加速上涨的趋势失去了更多动力，尽管价格同比涨幅仍轻松维持在两位数的水平。
The average price for new residential housing rose 12.6 per cent in November year on year, according to a weighted average from Reuters based on data for 70 major cities published by the National Bureau of Statistics. That is up just 0.3 percentage points from October, whereas previous months had frequently seen jumps of 1 or 2 percentage points at a time.
路透社(Reuters)以中国国家统计局发布的70个大中城市的数据为基础，计算得出的加权平均值显示，新建住宅均价同比上涨12.6%，涨幅较10月份仅高了0.3个百分点，而前几个月经常一下子出现一两个百分点的跃升。
In month-on-month terms prices rose only 0.6 per cent nationwide, the first time growth fell below one percentage point in three months and well down from a peak of 2.1 per cent in September.
全国而言，价格环比涨幅仅为0.6%，是三个月来涨幅首次低于1%，比9月份2.1%的涨幅高点也低了不少。
Countrywide, month-on-month prices rose in 59 out of 70 cities last month – down from 62 – were unchanged in four and fell in eleven. Cities where prices fell from the previous month included Shenzhen (down 0.3 per cent), Hangzhou (down 0.4 per cent) and Xiamen (down 0.2 per cent).
上月，在全国70个大中城市中，新建商品住宅价格环比上涨的有55个，价格持平的有4个，价格下跌的有11个。环比下跌的城市包括深圳（下跌0.3%）、杭州（下跌0.4%）和厦门（下跌0.2%）。
But in year-on-year terms Xiamen prices grew at the second-fastest rate of 43.9 per cent, outdone only by Hefei, capital of Anhui province, which grew 47.6 per cent. Annualised prices once again rose in 65 cities and fell in five, suggesting that while the cost of housing may not be escalating as quickly as before, it remains widespread and relatively resilient.
但同比而言，厦门涨幅为43.9%，排在第二位，仅落后于安徽省会合肥，后者为47.6%。65个城市同比上涨，5个城市同比下跌，这表明虽然房价可能不会像以前一样迅速攀升，但上涨仍然具有普遍性而且较有韧性。
The slower acceleration also tracks with trends in real estate investment, which felt a (slight) bite from property purchasing curbs in top-tier cities last month as nation-wide sales also decelerated in both volume and value terms.
涨幅放慢也与房地产投资变化趋势吻合。上月，一二线城市的限购措施对房地产投资造成了（些许）冲击，全国范围内的房产成交量和成交金额的增速也有所减缓。
Call Me By Your Name
《请以你的名字呼唤我》
André Aciman’s 2007 novel has spawned a big screen adaptation that’s among the most acclaimed films of the year. Up-and-coming 21-year-old actor Timothée Chalamet plays a young man living in Italy who has a passionate affair with an older academic (Armie Hammer). When it premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January, BBC Culture critic Sam Adams awarded Call Me By Your Name five stars and praised Chalamet and Hammer’s chemistry, the lush photography of the sun-kissed Italian setting, and the particular nuance and depth of the script. It will be a major Academy Awards contender. Released November 24 in the US. (Credit: Sony Pictures Classics)
安德烈?艾席蒙2007年的小说改编成的这部电影是今年最受赞誉的电影之一。刚刚崭露头角的21岁演员蒂莫西?柴勒梅德饰演一个住在意大利的年轻人，他和比他年长的艾米?汉莫饰演的大学生发生了一段火热的恋情。这部电影今年一月份在圣丹斯电影节上首映后，BBC文化评论员山姆?亚当斯就给该电影打了五星，并盛赞了柴勒梅德和汉莫之间的“火花”，摄影师镜头下阳光灿烂的意大利美景，微妙的细节和剧本的深度。该片将是最有希望争夺奥斯卡奖的电影之一，定于11月24日在美国上映。（资料来源：索尼经典电影公司）
Thor: Ragnarok
《雷神3：诸神黄昏》
Until now Thor has been the neglected child of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Though some liked Kenneth Branagh’s first film featuring the god of thunder, Chris Hemsworth was arguably overshadowed by Tom Hiddleston’s preening popinjay of a villain, Loki. And the second film, the humourless Thor: The Dark World, is widely regarded as the worst film released by Marvel Studios to date. So to inject new life into this sagging franchise, Marvel brought in New Zealand comedy auteur Taiki Waititi to add some Kiwi quirk. This time Thor faces down the goddess of death, played by Cate Blanchett. Thor may have the hammer, but she has the attitude. Released November 1 in Serbia and Hungary, November 2 in Cambodia and Israel and November 3 in India and Canada. (Credit: Marvel Studios)
到目前为止雷神一直是漫威电影宇宙被遗忘的那个孩子。尽管有些人喜欢肯尼思?布莱纳执导的《雷神》第一部，但主演克里斯?海姆斯沃斯的风头显然被汤姆?希德勒斯顿饰演的自负反派洛基给盖过了。《雷神》第二部被公认为漫威有史以来最糟的电影。所以，为了给这个走下坡路的系列注入新活力，漫威在拍第三部时请来了新西兰喜剧电影导演泰卡瓦蒂蒂，给电影增加一些新西兰人的奇思妙想。这一次雷神要降服的对手是由凯特?布兰切特饰演的死神。雷神也许有锤子，但死神有气派。影片于11月1日在塞尔维亚和匈牙利上映，11月2日在柬埔寨和以色列上映，11月3日在印度和加拿大上映。（资料来源：漫威影业）
Murder on the Orient Express
《东方快车谋杀案》
Every great detective needs his or her definitive story. For Sherlock Holmes it was The Hound of the Baskervilles. For Agatha Christie’s fussy Belgian sleuth Hercule Poirot it’s Murder on the Orient Express – a tale in which a bloodthirsty villain kills a wealthy businessman during a train journey through the Balkans. Or are things really what they seem? Sidney Lumet made a beloved film out of the story in 1974, with a stunning cast that included Sean Connery, Ingrid Bergman and Albert Finney as Poirot. Now Kenneth Branagh is donning the Belgian’s moustache himself, as well as stepping behind the camera as director, in his glossy new big-screen version, starring Johnny Depp, Daisy Ridley, Michelle Pfeiffer, Penelope Cruz and Dame Judi Dench. Is there something new that can be mined from this story? Maybe. But even if not, Christie fans will surely want to climb aboard. Released November 3 in the UK, November 10 in the US, China and Turkey, and November 30 in China's Hong Kong and Singapore. (Credit: 20th Century Fox)
每个伟大的侦探都需要专属于自己的经典故事。对于福尔摩斯而言，这个故事是《巴斯克维尔的猎犬》。对于阿加莎?克里斯蒂笔下龟毛的比利时侦探赫克尔?波洛而言，这个故事是《东方快车谋杀案》——故事讲述了一个嗜血的恶棍在驶向巴尔干半岛的列车上杀死了一个有钱的商人。真相果真是如此吗？西德尼?吕美特曾在1974年将该故事拍成了一部备受喜爱的电影，强大的演员阵容包括肖恩?康纳利、英格丽?褒曼和阿尔伯特?芬尼（饰演侦探波洛）。如今肯尼思?布拉纳自己戴上了侦探波洛的大胡子，披挂上阵，同时又担当幕后导演。这部新版电影的演员有约翰尼?德普、黛西?雷德利、米歇尔?菲佛、佩内洛佩?克鲁斯和朱迪?丹奇。这个故事还能挖掘出什么新内容呢？也许会有。不过，即使没有，阿婆的粉丝也肯定会去看。这部电影将于11月3日在英国上映，11月10日在美国、中国和土耳其上映，11月30日在中国香港和新加坡上映。（资料来源：二十世纪福克斯电影公司）
Coco
《寻梦环游记》
In an industry enthralled to rehashed stories that strike a familiar chord with audiences, give Pixar credit for often trying something new and pushing their viewers into uncharted territories. Coco, directed by Toy Story 3’s Lee Unkrich, has a visual look based around Mexico’s Dia de los Muertos (Day of the Dead). It’s about a young boy named Miguel who idolises legendary guitar player Ernesto de la Cruz and wants to learn how to play as well as he could. So he goes on a transformative odyssey of self-discovery into the realm of the dead to find his long-deceased idol and learn some lessons about the nature of creativity and originality. Whether it can reach the heights of Pixar’s 2015 masterpiece Inside Out remains to be seen, but Coco should surely be a feast for the eyes. Released November 15 in France, November 22 in the US, Croatia and the Philippines, and November 30 in Israel. (Credit: Disney-Pixar)
在动画电影行业执迷于翻拍让观众有共鸣的老故事时，皮克斯却总能尝试新事物，把观众带到从未踏足的新领域。《寻梦环游记》由《玩具总动员3》导演李?昂克里奇执导，该片的视觉效果基于墨西哥的亡灵节。故事讲述了一个名叫米格尔的小男孩崇拜传奇吉他手欧内斯托?德?拉?克鲁兹，想学习如何能弹奏得和他一样好。于是他就像奥德赛一样踏上了改造性的自我发现之旅，进入死亡之地寻找那位已去世多年的偶像，还受到了一些关于创造力本质的教导。《寻梦环游记》是否能达到皮克斯2015年杰作《头脑特工队》的高度尚未可知，但这部电影绝对是一场视觉盛宴。该片将于11月15日在法国上映，11月22日在美国、克罗地亚和菲律宾上映，11月30日在以色列上映。（资料来源：迪士尼/皮克斯）
Paddington 2
《帕丁顿熊2》
Next year will be the 60th anniversary of the beloved talking bear. And to mark the occasion, Paul King, who directed 2014’s critical and commercial smash, simply titled Paddington, is back for this sequel. In a time where even children’s entertainments are suffused with darkness and violence, this quiet celebration of the everyday English is needed more than ever. The plot of this film? Well, not much really: following the events of the last film, Paddington is quite comfortably installed with the Brown family of Windsor Gardens. He wants to buy a pop-up book for his aunt from a local bookseller, but finding himself a few quid short he puts on his wellies and duffel coat and finds employment in various odd jobs – only to have the book stolen from the shop! A (not so serious) mystery begins. Expect many more jokes about Paddington’s love of marmalade. Released in the UK November 10, November 23 in Germany and November 30 in Cambodia and Malaysia. (Credit: StudioCanal)
明年就是这只会说话的萌熊诞生60周年了。为了纪念帕丁顿熊诞生60周年，曾执导2014年口碑和票房都大获成功的电影《帕丁顿熊》的保罗?金回归续集担任导演。在当前这个连儿童娱乐节目都充斥着黑暗和暴力的时代，我们比以往任何时候都需要这种安静地讲述英国普通人生活的片子。这部新电影的情节？事实上，没有太多情节：根据上部电影的结尾，帕丁顿熊现在和温莎花园的布朗一家舒适地生活在一起。他想从一个当地的书商那里给他的姨妈买一本立体书，但发现自己还差几英镑，于是他就穿上了自己的长筒雨靴和粗呢连帽外套，并找到了几份兼职工作——结果却发现这本书在书店被偷了！神秘的破案之旅（其实也没那么严重）就此开始。你在电影中还可以看到关于“橘子酱控”帕丁顿熊的更多笑话。该片将于11月10日在英国上映，11月23日在德国上映，11月30日在柬埔寨和马来西亚上映。（资料来源：欧映嘉纳）
Good Time
《好时光》
Have any franchise-leading duo reinvented themselves as spectacularly as Twilight’s Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson? Both have become art-house mainstays. Pattinson’s latest Good Time, keeps going his recent pattern of looking fairly unrecognisable. After he transformed himself with shaggy beard and spectacles in The Lost City of Z he now has bleach-blond hair as a bank robber who tries to pull off the perfect heist in New York City, only to get his younger brother (Ben Safdie), who suffers from a developmental disability, arrested for the crime. He tries to use the money he stole to post his brother’s bail, but complications ensue. Many complications. In addition to appearing as the younger brother, Safdie co-directs the film with his own brother Josh Safdie, and Good Time was selected to compete for the Palme d’Or at Cannes. Released November 3 in Japan, November 17 in the UK and Ireland and November 23 in Greece. (Credit: A24)
还有哪对系列电影的荧幕情侣可以像《暮光之城》的克里斯汀?斯图尔特和罗伯特?帕丁森这样成功开创戏路呢？两个人都成为了影坛名角。帕丁森在最新作品《好时光》中延续了他近年来这种让人几乎认不出的造型风格。在《迷失Z城》中，他把自己打扮成胡子蓬乱的眼镜男，如今他又把头发染成亚麻色，变身为一个试图在纽约完美做案，结果却让患有发育性残疾的弟弟（本?萨弗迪饰）被捕的银行抢劫犯。他试图用盗取的钱来给弟弟交保释金，结果麻烦接踵而至。很多的麻烦。除了饰演弟弟一角外，本?萨弗迪还和自己的哥哥约书亚?萨弗迪共同执导了这部电影。《好时光》入围了今年戛纳电影节的主竞赛单元，参与角逐金棕榈奖。该片于11月3日在日本上映，11月17日在英国和爱尔兰上映，11月23日在希腊上映。（资料来源：A24制片公司）
The Killing of a Sacred Deer
《圣鹿之死》
No one since Michael Haneke has enjoyed cinematically dissecting social conventions as much as Greek film-maker Yorgos Lanthimos. His The Lobster took Cannes by storm two years ago with its scathing look at a society that turns adults into animals if they cannot find a romantic partner within 45 days – it was our world but pushed toward the outermost limits of groupthink and conformity. Now he’s back with The Killing of a Sacred Deer, a domestic thriller about a surgeon (Colin Farrell) and his wife (Nicole Kidman), also a doctor, who befriends a fatherless teen named Martin. The boy seems determined to expose the family’s secrets and unmask a terrible trauma from their past. Is this film about how domestic (and perhaps societal) tranquility sometimes depends on shared, agreed-upon lies? Either way, prepare to be unnerved. Released November 9 in Denmark, November 16 in Russia and November 30 in China's Hong Kong. (Credit: A24)
自迈克尔?哈内克之后，再没有人像希腊导演欧格斯?兰斯莫斯那样喜欢在电影作品中解剖社会习俗了。两年前，他的电影《龙虾》用其看待社会的辛辣视角完全征服了戛纳电影节。在《龙虾》描述的社会中，如果成年人无法在45天内寻找到一个爱侣，就会变成动物——这也是我们的世界，只是将集体思维和从众性推向了最大的极限。如今他又带着新作《圣鹿之死》回归，这是关于一个外科医生（科林?法瑞尔饰）和他的妻子（妮可?基德曼饰）的家庭惊悚电影。这位妻子也是一个医生，她像朋友一样对待没有父亲的少年马丁。马丁似乎决心暴露这个家庭的秘密，并揭开这对夫妻过去的一段可怕的创伤。这部电影想表达的难道是家庭（也有可能是社会）的平静有时候依赖于共享商定的谎言？不管是不是，准备好接受惊吓吧。该片将于11月9日在丹麦上映，11月16日在俄罗斯上映，11月30在中国香港上映。（A24制片公司）
China's economy grew last month, according to a closely-monitored PMI series - which indicated growth for the first time in four months.
受到密切关注的财新(Caixin)采购经理人指数(PMI)系列调查显示，该指数在四个月来首次显示扩张趋势。这一结果表明，上个月中国经济活动出现了增长。
The Caixin-sponsored composite PMI for November came in at 50.5, the first time it had broken through the 50-mark separating contraction from expansion since July.
11月份，财新赞助的中国综合PMI指数读数为50.5。这是自7月份以来，该指数首次超过50这个区分收缩和扩张的荣枯线。
It had hit a record low of 48 in September, and was 49.9 in October.
今年9月，该指数曾跌至48这个创纪录低点，10月份该读数则为49.9。
He Fan, economist at Caixin, said:“This shows that the macro economy has moved further toward stable growth and the economic structure is improving. Future fiscal and monetary policies must be coordinated and large-scale stimulus should be avoided as much as possible.”
财新经济学家何帆表示：“这表明宏观经济已进一步趋稳，经济结构正在改善。今后必须协调财政政策和货币政策，尽可能避免大规模刺激。”
The Caixin-sponsored series is based on a much smaller sample of private companies than the official PMI reading, which focuses on larger state enterprises, and tends to be more volatile.
与官方PMI指数相比，财新赞助的系列调查的样本是数目少得多的民营企业，其结果的波动性往往更大。而官方PMI指数则主要关注规模更大的国有企业。
Meanwhile the services PMI reading for the month was 51.2. It had been 52 in October. The manufacturing PMI, reported earlier this week, came in at 48.6 in November, versus expectations of 48.3. It had been 48.3 in October
同时，11月服务业PMI指数是51.2。此前的10月份该指数为52。本周早些时候报出的11月份制造业PMI指数为48.6，高于48.3的预期。10月份该指数则为48.3。
China’s largest online peer-to-peer lender, Lufax, is seeking $1bn in new funding at a valuation of $15bn-$20bn, as growth continues to surge across the internet finance sector.
中国互联网金融行业继续保持快速增长的节奏。作为国内最大的个人对个人(P2P)网贷平台，陆金所(Lufax)正在寻求10亿美元的新融资，这将使其估值达到150亿至200亿美元。
If successful, the funding would underline the rapid growth of the sector this year. In April, Lufax raised $500m at a $10bn valuation.
如果陆金所成功完成此轮融资，将可凸显出该行业今年以来增长有多快。该公司刚在4月融资5亿美元，公司估值在当时达到100亿美元。
Online banking and P2P lending has developed rapidly in China amid a push by Beijing to expand financing for consumers and small businesses. Upwards of 2,000 companies operate in China’s P2P lending milieu.
在政府鼓励扩大对消费者和小企业融资的背景下，中国网上银行及P2P贷款行业迅速发展。目前中国P2P贷款领域有超过2000家公司。
Lufax is the largest, a subsidiary of China’s Ping An Insurance, which is Lufax’s largest shareholder.
陆金所是最大的一家。它是中国平安保险(Ping An Insurance)的子公司，平安也是陆金所最大的股东。
Others are Ouyeel, a unit of Shanghai Baosteel Group that provides financing for steel traders; and Small Entrepreneur, part of China Merchants Bank — the country’s sixth-largest lender — which focuses on wealth management.
其他机构有宝钢集团(Shanghai Baosteel Group)旗下为钢材交易商提供融资的欧冶云商(Ouyeel)、中国第六大银行招商银行(China Merchants Bank)旗下专注财富管理领域的小企业e家(Small Entrepreneur)等。
P2P lending has grown quickly in the past two years, with loans outstanding reaching Rmb209bn by the end of June, according to E-Lending House.
近两年P2P贷款行业迅速发展。根据E-Lending House，截至6月底，该行业未清偿贷款达2090亿元人民币。
In addition to the growth in P2P lending, a number of online banks and lenders have been created this year — such as Tencent’s Webank, Alibaba’s Mybank and Ant Financial’s Sesame Credit.
除了P2P贷款领域发展迅速以外，今年还涌现出一些网络银行和贷款机构——比如腾讯(Tencent)的微众银行(WeBank)、阿里巴巴(Alibaba)的网商银行(Mybank)，以及蚂蚁金融(Ant Financial)的芝麻贷(Sesame Credit)。
The government is keen to encourage lending to small and medium-sized borrowers, many of whom do not have credit histories. Analysts estimate the number of Chinese consumers who are financially active but without access to credit to be 500m.
中国政府鼓励向中小规模的借款人放贷，其中很多贷款者没有信用纪录。分析师预计，在金融上表现活跃但没有信贷渠道的中国消费者有5亿之多。
Lufax, which started four years ago has emerged as the leader due to innovative credit rating techniques.
凭借创新性的信用评级技术，4年前创办的陆金所已经发展成为行业的领头羊。
In P2P lending, borrowers are matched with investors, who are encouraged to put their money into the loans due to higher returns than they could get at state banks.
在P2P贷款领域，借款方被与投资者匹配，后者被鼓励将钱投入放贷，因为他们所得到的回报高于国有银行利息。
However, the state is also wary of the fast growth in online finance, which is largely unregulated and the risks of systemic crises may be high. Since 2007, 370 P2P lending platforms have failed in China, of which 270 failed in the past year, according to research by Morgan Stanley and Wangdaizhijia, a Chinese research group.
然而，国家也很警惕网络金融的快速发展，该领域基本不受监管，发生系统性危机的风险可能会很高。据摩根士丹利(Morgan Stanley)和中国研究机构“网贷之家”的调查显示，自2007年以来，中国有370家P2P贷款平台倒闭，其中270家是在过去的一年中倒闭的。
In July, the government made the first stab at regulating internet finance when 10 agencies, including the central bank, the banking regulator and the securities regulator jointly issued guidelines that provide an official definition of “internet finance” and specify which agencies are responsible for regulating which types of internet financial institutions.
7月，中国政府首次尝试规范互联网金融，央行、银监会、证监会等10家机构联合发布指导意见，提出了“互联网金融”的官方定义，并明确了各机构负责监管的互联网金融机构类型。
Estimates for the size of the industry vary but Goldman Sachs figures suggest that sector loans grew from Rmb6bn to Rmb83bn between 2012 and 2014.
对于该行业规模有多大，众说纷纭，但高盛(Goldman Sachs)的数据表明，在2012至2014年期间，该行业的贷款规模从60亿元人民币增长至830亿元。
An independent gauge of China’s manufacturing sector edged lower in November, suggesting an uptick in activity at state-run companies did not extend to smaller and privately-owned factories.
一家非官方机构出具的中国制造业衡量指标在11月下降，表明国有企业的业务增长并未扩展到规模较小和私营的工厂。
The Caixin-Markit manufacturing purchasing managers’ index dipped to 50.8 in November, down from 51 in October and coming closer to the 50-point threshold that delineates expansion from contraction. A median forecast from economists polled by Reuters had predicted a fall to 50.9.
11月，财新-Markit制造业采购经理人指数(PMI)从10月的51%降至50.8%，接近区分扩张和收缩的50%大关。此前，路透社(Reuters)对经济学家进行调查得出的预测中值曾预计，制造业PMI将降至50.9%。
The dip to the lowest level in five months came as some companies surveyed for the gauge noted that stricter environmental policies – intended to curb the toxic haze that descends upon much of China each winter – had restricted expansion.
制造业PMI降至5个月以来的最低水平，是由于受访企业表示，更严格的环保政策限制了业务扩张。这些政策旨在遏制每年冬天笼罩中国大部分地区的有毒烟雾。
Total growth in new orders softened as new export orders rose at about the same pace as a month prior. But job shedding quickened, while input price growth edged lower and prices charged to clients picked up slightly.
由于新出口订单增幅与上月基本持平，新订单总量增长趋缓。但就业流失加速，投入品价格增幅收窄，企业对客户收取的价格略有回升。
The dip for the Caixin gauge, which concentrates on smaller and private manufacturers, stands in contrast to a pickup for China’s official manufacturing PMI, which focuses primarily on large, state-owned enterprises. The divergence may indicate that smaller outfits have been hit harder by pollution curbs and other regulatory tightening than their larger, state-run competitors, which also enjoy privileged access to state-run lenders.
关注规模较小和私营制造企业的财新制造业PMI下降，而主要关注规模较大和国有企业的官方制造业PMI指数同期出现上升。这种分歧可能表明，比起规模较大和国营的企业，较小的企业受污染限制和其他监管收紧的冲击更为严重。前者还享受国有银行的优惠待遇。
A separate Caixin PMI tracking growth in China’s services sector is slated for release on Tuesday.
追踪中国服务业增长的财新PMI指数将于下周二发布。
Drivers of China's online ride-hailing services will be required to hold a license by passing exams in November.
今年11月，我国网约车司机将须通过考试获得从业资格证。
Unlicensed drivers who engage in the services will face a fine ranging from 10 thousand yuan ($1,500) to 30 thousand yuan ($4,500).
无从业资格的司机从事网约车服务将面临1万（折合1500美元）至3万元（折合4500美元）的罚款。
Those with 3-years of driving experience and no records of traffic accident crimes, dangerous driving, drugs or drink driving will be allowed to take examinations for online-driving services.
那些具有3年驾驶经历，无重大交通事故、危险驾驶、吸毒、酒驾记录的司机将可参加网约车考试。
The requirements come from one of two newly issued regulations over the taxi and online ride-hailing services by China's transportation authority. The regulations will take effect in October and November respectively.
这一要求出自我国交通部近日发布的关于出租车、网约车服务的两项新规其中的一项。两项新规将分别于今年10月、11月生效。
The regulations also specifically stipulate the taxi services.
该新规还专门针对出租车服务作出规定。
For example, taxi drivers who take a detour or refuse passengers can also be fined a maximum of 2,000 yuan.
例如，绕路或拒载的司机或面临最高2000元的罚款。
重点单词
查看全部解释
jail
[d?eil]
想一想再看
n. 监牢，监狱，拘留所
vt. 监禁，下狱
intentionally
[in'tennli]
想一想再看
adv. 有意地，故意地
spread
[spred]
想一想再看
v. 伸展，展开，传播，散布，铺开，涂撒
n.
revision
[ri'vi?in]
想一想再看
n. 校订，修正，修订本，复习
联想记忆
X
单词revision 联想记忆：
revis修正+ion→修正，校订本
criminal
['kriminl]
想一想再看
adj. 犯罪的，刑事的，违法的
n. 罪犯
联想记忆
X
单词criminal 联想记忆：
crime罪行+al表名词，“人，物，状态”→犯罪分子
social
['s?ul]
想一想再看
adj. 社会的，社交的
n. 社交聚会
severe
[si'vi?]
想一想再看
adj. 剧烈的，严重的，严峻的，严厉的，严格的
联想记忆
X
单词severe 联想记忆：
severe的人总是sever
vigilance
['vid?il?ns]
想一想再看
n. 警戒，警惕
联想记忆
X
单词vigilance 联想记忆：
vigil醒着的+ance表名词，“性质，状况”→警惕
amendment
[?'mendm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 改善(正), 修正案，某物质能改善土壤有助生长
联想记忆
X
单词amendment 联想记忆：
ment补，修－修改
surrogate
['s?r?git]
想一想再看
n. 代理人，代用品，替身，继母
联想记忆
X
单词surrogate 联想记忆：
sur下面+rog要求…要求做下去…代理+ate表名词，“人或地位”→代理人，代替品
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
Intel
因特尔：新员工红地毯
Best Companies rank: 68
卓越雇主排名：68
Intel welcomes its new employees to the company by rolling out the red carpet -- literally -- once a quarter. During the first day of orientation, hires walk along a pathway lined with Intel Studios' photographers and videographers before introducing themselves onstage and receiving their welcome packages (and a round of applause from an audience of new colleagues).
每季度，英特尔（Intel）都会铺上红地毯，欢迎加入公司的新员工。在入职培训的第一天，每位新人都会受到摄影师和摄像师的夹道欢迎，上台做完自我介绍，新人们就能领取一份欢迎大礼包（还有周围新同事们的热烈掌声）。
Stryker
史赛克：免费医疗床
Best Companies rank: 61
卓越雇主排名：61
Considering Stryker's founder invented the turning frame -- a device that allows patients to be repositioned in bed while keeping their bodies immobile -- it only makes sense that this medical equipment manufacturer lends employees and their families medical beds, free of charge.
史赛克公司（Stryker）的创始人就是“翻身床”的发明者，借助这个设备，卧床的病人无需挪动身体就能改变在病床上的位置。顺其自然地，这家医疗设备制造商也向自家员工及其家属出借医疗床，分毫不收。
JM Family Enterprises
JM家庭企业公司：忠实员工奖励度假
Best Companies rank: 32
卓越雇主排名：32
Loyal employees of this auto services company are rewarded on their 10th anniversary -- and every five years after --with a weekend getaway at a resort in Boca Raton, Fla. (The company is headquartered just 15 minutes away.)
凡是这家汽车服务公司的忠实员工在效力满10年后，都可获得一份奖励：在佛罗里达州波卡拉顿的一处度假胜地欢度周末（此地距该公司总部仅15分钟车程）。这项福利此后每5年都可以享受一次。
Qualcomm
高通：农夫市集走进公司
Best Companies rank: 11
卓越雇主排名：11
Local farmers must love this wireless company as much as its employees do. Once a week, San Diego-based Qualcomm hosts a farmers market at two of its locations. Items sold range from traditional produce to jams and jellies. Employees with CSA veggie box subscriptions can pick up their produce packages at one of the HQ's cafés.
高通（Qualcomm）总部所在地的农民们肯定像它的雇员一样超爱这家无线电公司。每周，高通会在其总部圣地亚哥择址两处举办农夫市集。出售的商品从传统农产品到果酱、果冻无所不包。凡是订购了“社区支持农业”素食礼盒的高通雇员，在总部的一家咖啡馆即可轻松收货。
Hitachi Data Systems
日立数据系统：提升士气的狗狗节
Best Companies rank: 63
卓越雇主排名：63
The enterprise storage company boosts company morale by hosting a mid-summer "Dog Day". Employees bring their pets to work and enjoy a vendor fair (local groomers, store owners, and trainers are often present), as well as a doggie talent show. A raffle runs the week leading up to the event, and all proceeds are donated to a local animal charity.
每到仲夏时节，这家企业数据存储公司就会通过举办“狗狗节”来提升士气。员工此时可带着自己的宠物上班，欣赏宠物商品展销会，当地的宠物美容师、宠物商店老板以及驯兽师都会参展，还可以观赏狗狗才艺表演。在“狗狗节”前一周会有一场彩票抽奖活动，全部收入都将捐献给当地的动物慈善机构。
Plante Moran
普兰特?莫兰：甜食福利惹人馋
Best Companies rank: 25
卓越雇主排名：25
During the summers, Good Humor ice cream trucks visit the company's campuses every other Friday during lunchtime. In the fall, cider and doughnuts are served twice a month, mid-morning.
整个夏天，每隔一周，Good Humor冰淇淋卡车在周五午餐时就会拜访这家公司。而在秋季，公司每个月有两个上午会给大家提供苹果酒和甜甜圈。
Allianz
安联：小奥运会
Best Companies rank: 59
卓越雇主排名：59
Every four years, Allianz holds an international Olympics for its sports teams. The company covers the athletes' expenses and has an opening ceremony; in 2010, the games were held in Budapest with over 70 countries participating.
安联（Allianz）每4年会举办一次公司内部的国际奥林匹克运动会。所有运动员费用统一由公司负担，届时还有开幕式。2010年的“奥运会”在布达佩斯举办，有超过70个国家的运动员参与。
Google
谷歌：“遗嘱福利”
Best Companies rank: 1
卓越雇主排名：1
Though its campuses often steal the benefits spotlight -- with their outdoor sports facilities, free food and more -- there's a more morbid perk that should certainly be noted. If a U.S. Googler passes away while working for the tech giant, the employee's spouse or domestic partner receives 50% of the deceased's salary, no matter how long or short his tenure, every year for the next decade.
谈到谷歌总部，人们总会提到那些闪光点——丰富的户外运动设施、免费食品，以及其它数不清的福利。不过，下面要说的是另一项好得有些变态的福利。如果谷歌美国的某位员工在就职期间不幸身故，不管他为谷歌工作了多长时间，在之后十年里，其配偶或“伴侣”每年都可以继续领取该员工薪水的50%。
Dreamworks Animation
梦工厂：内部消费券
Best Companies rank: 12
卓越雇主排名：12
All employees receive a $25 monthly credit to the DreamWorks PrintCenters at the Glendale and Redwood City campuses. Charged only for supplies, the studio is able to offer inexpensive services that range from printing photographs to creating greeting cards and personalized calendars.
每个月，梦工厂（DreamWorks）的员工都能收到价值25美元的消费券，可在位于格伦代尔和雷德伍德城园区的“梦工厂打印中心”消费。由于只收取原材料费用，该工作室能以低价向员工提供各类服务，例如在贺卡上打印照片、制作个性化日历等。
Hilcorp Energy
Hilcorp Energy：能源公司的个性化奖励
Best Companies rank: 7
卓越雇主排名：7
Managers are able to reward their subordinates in unique, personalized ways thanks to the budget they receive from corporate. Two examples of past bonuses: free trail rides at an equestrian stadium and a barbeque with lassoing and horseshow throwing lessons.
由于预算充足，该公司的部门经理们可以用独一无二的个性化方式来奖励自己的下属。以下是两个曾给出的奖励：免费在马术训练场驰骋、附带套索和马术表演课程的烤肉野餐。
QuikTrip
QuikTrip：“糖果摊”
Best Companies rank: 66
卓越雇主排名：66
New employees at the company's Tulsa headquarters have little time to be shy: on their first days, they're seated at desks with a tub of candy. Colleagues often stop by and introduce themselves while grabbing a snack.
当新员工迈入QuikTrip位于塔尔萨的总部时，他们可没功夫去害羞：刚开始的几天，他们的办公桌上都摆着满满一大桶糖果。路过的同事常常停下来做自我介绍，顺手也抓块糖吃。
SAN ANTONIO DEL TACHIRA Venezuela (AP) — More than 100000 Venezuelans some of whom drove through the night in caravans crossed into Colombia over the weekend to hunt for food and medicine that are in short supply at home.
圣安东尼奥-委内瑞拉塔奇拉州（美联社）--周末，超过100000名委内瑞拉人到哥伦比亚寻找国内短缺的食物和药品，他们中有些人连夜驱车跟着商队前去。
It was the second weekend in a row that Venezuela's socialist government opened the long-closed border with Colombia and by 6 a.m. Sunday a line of would-be shoppers snaked through the entire town of San Antonio del Tachira. Some had traveled in chartered buses from cities 10 hours away.
这是连续第二个周末，委内瑞拉的社会主义政府开放与哥伦比亚长期封闭的边界，星期日上午6点，潜在的顾客们排成长蛇阵，穿过圣安东尼奥德尔塔奇拉整个小镇。有些人租了车，从10小时车程外的城市赶来。
Venezuela's government closed all crossings a year ago to crack down on smuggling along the 1378-mile (2219 kilometer) border. It complained that speculators were causing shortages by buying up subsidized food and gasoline in Venezuela and taking them to Colombia where they could be sold for far higher prices.
委内瑞拉政府一年前关闭了所有边境口岸，以打击长达1378英里（2219公里）边境沿线的走私活动。政府抱怨说，正是因为投机者在委内瑞拉购买了补贴的食品和汽油，并将他们带到哥伦比亚高价出售造成的短缺。
China Hyundai dealers seek up to $135 million compensation
中国现代经销商要求赔偿1.35亿美元
BEIJING: A group of Hyundai Motor Co dealers in China is seeking 800 million-900 million yuan ($120 million-135 million) in compensation from the South Korean automaker, saying Hyundai has cut the flow of models it exports to them, resulting in dealership losses and closures.
中国一群现代汽车经销商要求韩国现代汽车赔偿8-9亿元（1.2-1.35亿美元），称现代汽车削减了向他们出口的车型，导致经销商亏损严重。
The group’s leader, Wang Rongzhen, told Reuters on Wednesday that the automaker has scaled back the range of models it supplies to dealers in Hyundai imports in China, only consistently supplying one model, while steadily increasing car manufacturing in China.
现代中国经销商Wang Rongzhen7月20日向路透社指出，现代汽车已经缩减提供给中国进口经销商的产品阵容，仅提供一款车型供销售，而在中国国产的车型不断增加。
“We sell cars+ , if you don’t give us cars, naturally we won’t be able to go on, we’ll close,” Wang said in an interview, estimating import dealers are losing between 3 million and 10 million yuan a year each. The group seeking compensation represents 30 of the roughly 40 remaining imported Hyundai dealers in the country.
Wang Rongzhen在采访中表示，“我们就是要卖车，如果厂家不提供车型，我们就卖不下去了，也只能退网。”他估计经销商每年亏损300-1000万元。目前，现代汽车在中国有近40家进口经销商，其中30家经销商要求退网赔偿。
According to the China Auto Dealers Chamber of Commerce, which is helping to organise the dealers, Hyundai’s import-only dealer network has already halved in size since 2014.
全国工商联汽车经销商会数据显示，自2014年进口现代中国经销商网络已经缩减了一半。
重点单词
查看全部解释
charter
['t?ɑ:t?]
想一想再看
n. 宪章，特许，(船、机、车等的)租赁
vt
plane
[plein]
想一想再看
adj. 平的，与飞机有关的
n. 飞机，水平
commercial
[k?'m?:l]
想一想再看
adj. 商业的
n. 商业广告
联想记忆
X
单词commercial 联想记忆：
commerce商业+ial表形容词，“有…的”→商业的
amphibious
[?m'fibi?s]
想一想再看
adj. 具有双重性的，[生物]两栖的
demonstration
[.dem?n'strein]
想一想再看
n. 示范，实证，表达，集会
pilot
['pail?t]
想一想再看
n. 飞行员，领航员，引航员
vt. 领航，驾
联想记忆
X
单词pilot 联想记忆：
意大利语piloto“划浆""的变体→飞行员，领航员
flight
[flait]
想一想再看
n. 飞行，航班
n. 奇思妙想，一段楼
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
crew
[kru:]
想一想再看
n. 全体船员，全体乘务员，(一组)工作人员
<br
hub
[h?b]
想一想再看
n. 毂，木片，中心
重点单词
查看全部解释
amnesty
['?mnesti]
想一想再看
n. 大赦，特赦
联想记忆
X
单词amnesty 联想记忆：
a不，非，mnes记忆－不记仇－赦免
outrage
['autreid?]
想一想再看
n. 暴行，侮辱，愤怒
vt. 凌辱，激怒
联想记忆
X
单词outrage 联想记忆：
out出去.过时+rage怒气→怒气外露→粗暴,暴行
decision
[di'sin]
想一想再看
n. 决定，决策
core
[k?:]
想一想再看
n. 果心，核心，要点
vt. 挖去果核
discourse
['disk?:s,dis'k?:s]
想一想再看
n. 谈话，演讲
vi. 谈话，讲述
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词discourse 联想记忆：
dis离开，course跑，课程－离开课程需要毕业演讲
issue
['i?ju:]
想一想再看
n. 发行物，期刊号，争论点
vi. & vt
criminal
['kriminl]
想一想再看
adj. 犯罪的，刑事的，违法的
n. 罪犯
联想记忆
X
单词criminal 联想记忆：
crime罪行+al表名词，“人，物，状态”→犯罪分子
12306.cn, China's official website for purchasing railway tickets, has become the largest of this kind in the world, with combined sales reaching 3.5 billion in 2017.
我国火车票购票官网12306网站已成为世界最大火车票购票网站，2017年该网站交易总量达35亿张车票。
"If all these train tickets were lined up, they would circle the earth 7 times," said Zhu Jiansheng, deputy director of the Institute of Computing Technologies with the Chinese Academy of Railway Sciences, where the ticketing system was developed.
该车票系统由中国铁道科学研究院电子计算技术研究所研发。该研究所副所长朱建生称：“如果所有这些车票排列起来，可以绕地球7圈。”
Since its launch in 2010, the 12306 ticketing system has been upgraded many times to fix bugs and provide better service during the Spring Festival travel rush, or Chunyun.
自从2010年开通运营以来，12306票务系统已多次升级以修复漏洞，并在春运期间提供更好的服务。
The system sold around 1.1 million tickets during the 2012 Spring Festival travel rush. Last year it sold 11 million over the same period.
2012年春运期间，12306网站系统约售出110万张车票。去年，该系统售出的车票数量同比增加1100万张。
Around 280 million train tickets have been sold on 12306.cn since Jan 3, 2018 when tickets for the Spring Festival holiday started selling.
今年1月3日春节假期车票开售以来，约有2.8亿张火车票是在12306网站上售出的。
The sales volume peaks at around 15 million per day, with nearly 700 tickets sold in every second.
销量高峰每日售票量约1500万张，每秒售出近700张车票。
1. Am I taking care of myself? Sometimes we get so wrapped up in taking care of others that we forget to take care of ourselves. It can be so easy to leave ourselves behind.
我照顾好自己了吗？有时候，我们太过于关心他人从而忘记了去照顾自己。这很容易就把自己遗忘。
2. Do I have too much clutter? Drowning ourselves in too many material possessions can ultimately lead to stress. Get clear on what you absolutely need and what you can get rid of.
我的杂物是不是太多了？拥有太多的物品最终会给你带来压力。分清楚你肯定需要和你可以丢弃的物品。
3. Do I take time out of my day purely for myself? We all need a little “me time.” Set aside some time every day to just relax and do something that you enjoy, whether that is reading, meditating, watching TV, cooking, spending quality time with your loved ones, etc.
我是否有从一天当中能抽出时间来给自己？我们都需要一点“自我时间”。每天留出一些时间放松一下，做你喜欢做的事情——阅读、冥想、看电视、烹饪、跟你爱的人共享黄金时光等等。
4. Am I eating healthy? The types of foods we eat can greatly affect how we feel both physically and emotionally. Eating too much junk food can lead to crankiness and a relatively low energy level, whereas eating healthy foods can lead to better moods and a more positive energy level.
我的饮食健康吗？我们所吃的食物种类很大程度上会影响我们在身体和情绪上的感觉。食用过多垃圾食品会导致偏执，使人精力降低。反之，饮食健康则会使人有更好的情绪和更高涨的劲头。
5. What are my core values? What is important to you as an individual? Is it family, health, spirituality, work, etc.? Make sure that you are living in alignment with what matters most to you.
我的核心价值观是什么？作为一个人，对你来说什么是重要的？家庭、健康、信仰、工作还是其他？确保在你的生活中，你追寻了自己最在乎的东西。
6. Am I maintaining healthy relationships? Is there a relationship in your life that needs a little extra care and attention? Do you need to right a wrong with someone? Try to stay aware of how you’re treating the people in your life.
我是否在维持健康的人际关系？在你的生活中，是否有一段关系需要你额外的关注？你是否需要给某人平反？在如何对待他人这个问题上，努力保持清醒的头脑。
7. Am I working too hard? Taking time to re-charge and spend time on activities that make you happy is so important. Honor your desire to pull back from work or school pressure when needed and give yourself time to breathe, even if it’s only for a few minutes at a time.
我是否工作太辛苦了？花时间重新调整一下，花时间做令你愉快的事情是非常重要的。必要时释放你的欲望，从工作或学习压力中解脱出来，给自己时间去自由呼吸，即便一次只有几分的时间。
8. Am I playing too hard? A lack of motivation to accomplish certain things can throw you off balance or make you feel stressed out and pressured later on. Taking breaks is very necessary, but if you take so many breaks that your productivity level drops, or you get into the habit of procrastinating too much, it might be time to balance out your schedule so that you will get a generous amount of things done and still have time for breaks and leisure.
我是否玩儿得太high了？缺乏实现某些事情的动机会让你失去平衡或者稍后会让你感到筋疲力尽，很有压力。休息一下是非常有必要的，但是如果你休息得过了头从而使生产力降低，或者你养成了太过拖拉的习惯，那么或许就需要时间来平衡你的时间安排，以便你可以完成大量的事情而仍有时间休息娱乐。
9. Am I spending too much? Overspending can lead to stress, clutter, and financial complications. It can also turn into a nasty habit over time. Saving money is an excellent practice and you will more than likely be glad you did in case of an emergency.
我花钱太多了吗？过度消费会导致压力、混乱以及财政并发症。这也可能会随着时间的流逝变为一种危险的习惯。储蓄是一个非常棒的办法，万一遇到紧急情况，你极有可能为你之前的储蓄而感到欣慰。
10. Am I worrying about the future? Worrying about something that hasn’t even happened yet causes stress and anxiety. Focus on the moment in front of you and realize that it is all that exists.
我是否在担忧未来？担忧某些并未发生的事情会导致压力和焦虑。专注于当下，了解到这就是目前所存在的一切。
11. Am I dwelling on the past? It is very tempting and almost involuntary to look back on the past and obsess over something we regret or something we miss. Learn to let go and only focus on what’s happening right now, and on the choices you will make today.
我是否徘徊过去？回顾过去，沉迷于我们遗憾或者错过的事情是非常诱人和几乎令人不由自主的。学会放手，只专注于当前发生的事和你今日将要面临的选择吧。
12. Is there something I am clinging to? We don’t always realize when we’re clinging to something harmful when it feels safe and familiar, whether it is an unfulfilling job, an unhealthy relationship, or a stagnant way of life. Recognize if you are clinging to something that isn’t serving you and work on taking small steps towards change and release.
是否有什么事情我一直放不下？我们不会总是能意识到我们在何时抓住有害但感觉安全熟悉的事情不放手，不论是一份不称心的工作，还是一段不健康的关系或者一种停滞不前的生活方式。看看你是否执着于对你没用的事情，想出小措施来改变和解脱吧。
12-year-old girl finds ancient Egyptian amulet
12岁女孩发现古埃及护符
An ancient Egyptian amulet was uncovered in Jerusalem by a young girl taking part in a family dig in the capital.
耶路撒冷小女孩参加“圣殿山筛选项目”考古活动时，发现一古埃及护符。
Neshama Spielman, from Jerusalem, found the artifact four years ago at a dig organized by the City of David and the Temple Mount Sifting Project, which works to examine tons of dirt removed without archaeological supervision from the Temple Mount by the Muslim Waqf. Details of the find and its identification, however, have only now been revealed. Spielman, who is aged 12, was just 8 when she made the find.
小女孩名叫Neshama Spielman，来自耶路撒冷。她是4年前在“圣殿山筛选项目”中发现这个护符的。该项目旨在检查从神圣犹太教遗址移来，未经考古检测过的泥土。当年，Spielman只有8岁。
The piece was taken away for laboratory testing, and the Spielman family only received a phone call this month telling them the amulet had been identified.
后来此护符被拿去实验室检测，知道上个月，Spielman一家才接到电话，被告知检测结果。
Spielman was sifting through dirt at the Emek Tzurim national park on the slopes of the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem when she noticed the small rectangular object.
当时，Spielman正在耶路撒冷Emek Tzurim国家公园橄榄山的斜坡上检查泥土。突然就注意到了这个小小的矩形物件。
Just 21 millimeters long, 16 millimeters high, and 4 millimeters thick, the amulet, of which part is missing, has a “raised decoration” on it with a loop at one end that allowed it to be worn on a cord around the neck.
该护符只有21毫米长、16毫米高、4毫米厚，部分已经缺失。上方凸起的部分有个孔，可以用绳穿起来挂在脖子上。
The raised decoration shows a cartouche — an oval frame around Egyptian hieroglyphics indicating a royal name. Above the frame archaeologists could make out the symbol of an eye and that of a cobra.
凸起那部分有个“涡卷饰品”——（古埃及碑上）在王和神的名字周围的椭圆形装饰。考古学家在上面发现有眼镜蛇一只眼的符号。
The amulet has been dated to 3,200 years ago and bears the name of Pharaoh Thutmose III, a prominent figure from the Eighteenth Dynasty who reigned from 1479 BCE to 1425 BCE.
护符距今已有3200年的历史，上面还刻有“图特摩斯三世”法老的名字。他于公元前1504至公元前1450年在位统治。
“Thutmose III was one of the most important pharaohs in Egypt’s New Kingdom and is credited with establishing the Egyptian imperial province in Canaan,” said Gabriel Barkay, the co-founder and director of the Temple Mount Sifting Project.
“图特摩斯三世是埃及新王朝最重要的法老之一。他使埃及在迦南完成了从一个地域性王国向洲际大帝国的质变。”“圣殿山筛选项目”的联合发起人和总负责人Gabriel Barkay如是说。
译文属可可英语原创，仅供学习和交流使用，未经许可，请勿转载。
At the age of 12, most girls are battling with their parents to get their ears pierced, learning the ropes at senior school and preparing for life as a teenager.
12岁的年纪，大多数的小女孩都还在向父母争取打耳洞的机会，努力适应高中生活，从青少年时代开始为将来做准备。
For Maddie Ziegler, from Pennsylvania, life couldn't be more different.
但来自宾夕法尼亚州(Pennsylvania)的玛蒂?齐格勒(Maddie Ziegler)，她的人生完全不是这么一回事。
The tween is a huge star with three million Instagram followers, whose music videos with the popstar Sia have been viewed more than a billion times on YouTube.
这个12岁的女孩已经成为了在Instagram拥有300万粉丝的超级巨星，她和流行歌手希雅(Sia)合作的MV在YouTube上点击量超过10亿。
因为参加了一档电视真人秀节目《Dance Moms》，来自宾夕法尼亚州的12岁明星玛蒂?齐格勒火爆全球，澳大利亚流行歌手希雅的多首歌曲的MV中也有她的身影（图）
Until four years ago, Maddie was an unknown eight year old who enjoyed dancing and went to a local primary school.
四年前，玛蒂还是一个默默无闻的8岁小女孩，她喜欢跳舞，就读于当地一所小学。
Then in 2011, her mother Melissa was signed up to appeared as part of the Lifetime reality series Dance Moms.
2011年，她的妈妈梅丽莎(Melissa)报名参加Lifetime频道的真人秀节目《Dance Moms》。
The programme focuses on the early careers of the children that are enrolled in the Abby Lee Dance Company in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
这个节目围绕宾夕法尼亚州匹兹堡(Pittsburgh)的Abby Lee舞蹈学校里面的小孩子展开。
As the title suggests, the show also features the mothers of the pupils and the way that they often pit their children against each other.
顾名思义，这个真人秀节目还专门拍摄学生们的母亲，展现母亲如何教育孩子与他人竞争。
201505/375574.shtml
The Australian pop star Sia noticed Maddie on the programme and last year she tweeted her to ask if she would appear in one of her videos... the rest is history.
澳大利亚流行歌手希雅注意到了节目里的玛蒂，去年她在推特上联系玛蒂，邀请玛蒂参演她的MV。接下来的故事大家都知道了。
Maddie has now appeared in three of Sia's videos - Chandelier, Elastic Heart and Big Girls Cry.
在希雅的《Chandelier》、《Elastic Heart》、《Big Girls Cry》3个MV中，都能见到玛蒂的身影。
Chandelier is the 17th most viewed music video on TouTube of all time and has racked up more than 712 million hits.
《Chandelier》的视频点击量已突破7.12亿，是YouTube点击量最高的MV排行榜上的第17名。
In February, Maddie joined Sia and Kristen Wiig in a performance of the track for the 2015 Grammy Awards as Kim Kardashian and Kanye West looked on from the front row.
今年2月的时候，玛蒂与希雅和克里斯汀?韦格(Kristen Wiig)一起担任2015格莱美音乐颁奖典礼(Grammy Awards)的表演嘉宾。当时金?卡戴珊(Kim Kardashian)和坎耶?韦斯特(Kanye West)坐在前排观看了这个表演。
She has also performed on Jimmy Kimmel and The Ellen Show - not bad for someone who hasn't even hit adolescence.
她也曾应邀参加《吉米秀》(Jimmy Kimmel)和《艾伦秀》(The Ellen Show)。对于一个青春期未到的人来说，有机会上这两个节目还算不错。
Maddie is so well recognised these days that a trip to Topshop results in her being mobbed by screaming tween fans who all want a selfie with their idol - something that has been tough to adjust to.
玛蒂的知名度如此之高，以致于她在Topshop（服饰店）被尖叫的青少年粉丝们围堵了，小粉丝们激动地要求和偶像自拍合影，这对于玛蒂来说有点难以适应。
She is now so successful that her mother has hired a security team who monitor the star 24/7.
她声名在外，母亲不得不为她雇了专人保镖团队，全天24小时保护她的安全。
玛蒂?齐格勒和妈妈梅丽莎以及妹妹麦肯齐(Mackenzie)在好莱坞大道(Hollywood Boulevard)上（图）
She told The Telegraph: 'I don't feel that normal any more because I get recognised, even when I'm just trying to have fun or going to get ice cream with my friends.
在接受《每日电讯报》采访时，玛蒂说：“我再也无法过上平凡人的生活了。因为大家很容易认出我来，甚至当我出去玩或是和朋友吃冰淇淋都能被路人认出来。”
'People go crazy and it gets overwhelming.'
“人们很疯狂，我感到不知所措。”
201505/375574.shtml
Like many child stars, Maddie speaks of being old before her time.
像很多童星一样，玛蒂也显得很早熟。
Having earned a living for the last four years while her contemporaries go to school every day, she has been forced to mature quickly.
当其他同龄人每天乖乖去上学的时候，她已经出来养家糊口四年了，她不得不快速成熟起来。
Unlike many young girls who are starstruck by celebrities, Maddie claims that she keeps a cool head at events like the Grammys because she sees herself as a star, so needs to act accordingly.
不像那些狂热追星的小女孩，玛蒂认为她一直都能保持着冷静的头脑，即使在格莱美颁奖典礼这种场合。因为她将自己视为一个明星，所以她需要表现得体。
今年2月的时候，在格莱美颁奖典礼上，克里斯汀?韦格和玛蒂?齐格勒为希雅的歌曲《Chandelier》伴舞，希雅背对着观众（图）
She said: 'Mom is like, "Oh my God, let's go and meet Ariana Grande." I'm like, "Mom, for real?"
她说：“妈妈会说，‘噢，天呐，我们去看一下爱莉安娜?格兰德(Ariana Grande)吧。'我的反应是，‘妈，真要这样吗'”
'I just want to stay professional. I don't want them to think I'm a fangirl. I'm one of the performers and I'm not just a background dancer, I'm the dancer.'
“我只是想保持专业的一面。我不想让别人认为我是脑残粉。我是表演嘉宾之一，不仅仅是伴舞者，我是一名舞者演员。”
201505/375574.shtml
Because of her success, she no longer lives anything resembling a normal life.
鉴于她的成功，她再也无法过上平凡人的生活。
She has modelled for numerous clothing companies including Glitzy Girl, Sally Miller and Purple Pixies and featured in magazines including Teen Vogue, Cosmopolitan, Elle and Seventeen.
她曾为Glitzy Girl、Sally Miller和Purple Pixies等服装公司担任模特，也为《Teen Vogue》《Cosmopolitan》《Elle》和《Seventeen》等杂志拍摄照片。
She is home-tutored alongside her younger sister Mackenzie, who also stars in the Dance Moms series and with whom Maddie released a fashion line called The Maddie & Mackenzie Collection last year.
她和妹妹都是通过家庭辅导接受教育的。她的妹妹也出演了《Dance Moms》。去年，以两姐妹的名字创建的时尚品牌The Maddie & Mackenzie Collection问世。
今年2月的时候，玛蒂参加了J.Mendel2015秋冬高级成衣发布秀（图）
While many young children try and avoid school work at all costs, the star professes to be a keen student because she wants to avoid the trap of becoming 'a stupid dancer.'
在其他小孩想方设法逃课、不做作业的时候，玛蒂却对学业热情饱满，因为她不想自己成为又一个“愚蠢的舞者”。
As well as dancing, she has her eye on singing and acting - she has already acted in the TV shows Drop Dead Diva and Austin & Ally.
除了跳舞，玛蒂还唱歌和表演，她已经出演了电视剧《美女上错身》(Drop Dead Diva)和《奥斯汀与艾丽》(Austin & Ally)。
Although she has already reached astonishing levels of success for her age, Maddie only gives herself a nine out of ten in terms of her career achievements.
尽管小小年纪她的事业就取得了如此惊人的成就，但如果给自己的成就打分，且10分满分的话，玛蒂只给自己打9分。
She said: 'On a scale of one to 10, I feel I'm at a nine because there's definitely room for improvement. I know I could go further.'
她说：“1到10，我觉得自己只能拿9分，因为我一定还有提升的空间。我知道我可以走更远。”
201505/375574.shtml12岁的铃木瑟玟(Severn Suzuki)在1992年里约世界高峰会上，对全世界环境部长发出警语，她的演说简单扼要却直指人心，要求“大人们”对于环保要说到做到，否则就是对下一代的不负责任。
Hello, I'm Severn Suzuki speaking for E.C.O. - The Environmental Children's Organisation. 大家好，我是Severn Suzuki，我代表儿童环境组织来此演讲。
We are a group of twelve and thirteen-year-olds from Canada trying to make a difference:Vanessa Suttie, Morgan Geisler, Michelle Quigg and me. We raised all the money ourselves to come six thousand miles to tell you adults you must change your ways. Coming here today, I have no hidden agenda. I am fighting for my future. 我们是一个十三四岁的小群体，我们想改变些什么：Vanessa Suttie, Morgan Geisler, Michelle Quigg和我。我们自己挣钱支持我们来到这里，旅行5000英里只为告诉你们成年人，你们必须改变你们的生活方式。今天我来到这里，我背后没有任何经纪人，我们为我们的未来而战。
Losing my future is not like losing an election or a few points on the stock market. I am here to speak for all generations to come. 失去未来不像落选选举或者股市浮动那么简单，我来到这里是为了将来所有的世代而演讲。
I am here to speak on behalf of the starving children around the world whose cries go unheard. 我演讲是为了世界所有忍受饥饿的儿童，而他们的哭泣却无人听见。
I am here to speak for the countless animals dying across this planet because they have nowhere left to go. We cannot afford to be not heard. 我为这个行星上无数正在垂死的动物而演讲，因为它们几乎已经无处容身了。
I am afraid to go out in the sun now because of the holes in the ozone. I am afraid to breathe the air because I don't know what chemicals are in it. 我现在害怕晒太阳，因为臭氧层出现了空洞。我现在害怕呼吸空气，因为我不知道那里有多少化学物质。
I used to go fishing in Vancouver with my dad until just a few years ago we found the fish full of cancers. And now we hear about animals and plants going extinct every day -- vanishing forever. 以前和我爸爸经常在vancouver钓鱼，但在近几年却发现鱼的身上到处是癌细胞。我们每天都会听说有的动物和植物绝种，那是永远消失的事情。
In my life, I have dreamt of seeing the great herds of wild animals, jungles and rainforests full of birds and butterfilies, but now I wonder if they will even exist for my children to see. 我一生的梦想就是能看到成群的野生动物，茂盛的丛林和大片的雨林中到处是鸟类和蝴蝶在飞舞。但是现在我想知道我们这些小孩是否还能再看到它们？
Did you have to worry about these little things when you were my age? 在您那个年代，您曾经担心过我们现在担心的事吗？
All this is happening before our eyes and yet we act as if we have all the time we want and all the solutions. I'm only a child and I don't have all the solutions, but I want you to realise, neither do you! 所有这一切就发生在我们眼前，然而我们还是一直向大自然无度索取我们所需要的。我仅仅是个孩子，我不知道该怎么办。 但我们这些孩子——这个星球的未来需要让您认识到，您不能说没办法！
You don't know how to fix the holes in our ozone layer. You don't know how to bring salmon back up a dead stream. You don't know how to bring back an animal now extinct.And you can't bring back forests that once grew where there is now desert. If you don't know how to fix it, please stop breaking it! 您不知道怎么去修补大气的臭氧空洞，您也不知道怎么去从死亡的河流中拯救鱼类，您更不知道如何把灭绝的动物复苏，您也不能把沙漠中从前完整的森林带回来。如果您不知道如何拯救，那么请您停止破坏吧！
Here, you may be delegates of your governments, business people, organisers, reporters or poiticians - but really you are mothers and fathers, brothers and sister, aunts and uncles - and all of you are somebody's child. 在这里，您可能是您政府商业人士的代表、组织者、记者或政客。但您们也是父亲和母亲、兄弟和姐妹、阿姨和叔叔，你们都会或多或少的为了下一代而活着。
I'm only a child yet I know we are all part of a family, five billion strong, in fact, 30 million species strong and we all share the same air, water and soil -- borders and governments will never change that. 我只是一个小孩，但我知道我们都是一个大家庭的成员，超过60亿人的大家庭，以及超过三千万物种的大家庭，政府和国界永远都无法改变这个事实。
I'm only a child yet I know we are all in this together and should act as one single world towards one single goal. 我身为小孩都知道，我们在地球的母亲怀中都是孩子。我们应该为了相同的目的进行相同的行动！
In my anger, I am not blind, and in my fear, I am not afraid to tell the world how I feel. 然而事实却让我很愤怒，但我也很清醒，我虽然害怕，但我敢于告诉世界我真实的感受。
In my country, we make so much waste, we buy and throw away, buy and throw away, and yet northern countries will not share with the needy. Even when we have more than enough, we are afraid to lose some of our wealth, afraid to share. 在我的祖国，我们制造了如此之多的垃圾，我们购买商品，我们随之丢弃，买来，再丢弃。然而有些国家，有些人，却不会分享给那些真正需要的人们，甚至他们拥有的远远超过自身需要的时候。他们害怕分享，害怕失去自己的财富。
In Canada, we live the privileged life, with plenty of food, water and shelter—we have watches, bicycles, computers and television sets. 在加拿大，他们过着特权般的生活，他们有很多食物、房子和水。他们拥有很多手表，汽车，各种电器和奢侈品。
Two days ago here in Brazil, we were shocked when we spent some time with some children living on the streets. And this is what one child told us: "I wish I was rich and if I were, I would give all the street children food, clothes, medicine, shelter and love and affection." 在巴西，我被2天前见到的情景震惊了，那时我和当地的小孩在玩耍，其中一个小孩说：“我希望我能富裕起来，然后我会给这个街道所有的小孩饭吃，给他们衣服穿，医疗，住房和爱”。
If a child on the street who has nothing, is willing to share, why are we who have everyting still so greedy? 如果一个孩子在自己一无所有的时候都能愿意分享，为什么拥有一切的大人却如此贪婪？
I can't stop thinking that these children are my age, that it makes a tremendous difference where you are born, that I could be one of those children living in the Favellas of Rio; I could be a child starving in Somalia; a victim of war in the Middle East or a beggar in India. 我永远不能忘记这些和我同龄的孩子，当你出生的时候，他和我们真的很不相同，我也许生活在贫民窟，也可能是终日饿着肚子的小孩，也可能是中东战争的牺牲品，或者印度的小乞丐。
I'm only a child yet I know if all the money spent on war was spent on ending poverty and finding environmental answers, what a wonderful place this earth would be! 我只是一个小孩，然而我知道，要是把花在战争上的钱，用在找寻环境问题答案上来，或用在结束贫穷并找到解决的方案上来，这个星球将是个多么美好的地方啊！
At school, even in kindergarten, you teach us to behave in the world. You teach us: not to fight with others, to respect others, to clean up our mess, not to hurt other creatures, to share - not be greedy. 在学校，甚至在幼稚园，你们大人教我们如何处世，你们告诉我们不要打架，要尊重对方。找出答案，解决矛盾。去分享，而不是贪婪。
Then why do you go out and do the things you tell us not to do? 你们大人为什么去做与你们教导孩子相反的事情呢？
Do not forget why you're attending these conferences, who you're doing this for -- we are your own children. You are deciding what kind of world we will grow up in. Parents should be able to comfort their children by saying "everyting's going to be alright" , "we're doing the best we can" and "it's not the end of the world". 不要忘记你们为何而来到这里开会，你们为谁做事情？我们是你们的下一代，你们正在决定我们将要在一个什么样的环境中成长，父母需要能够宽慰孩子们，告诉他们“一切都没问题，那不是世界末日，我们正在尽其所能的改变”。
But I don't think you can say that to us anymore. Are we even on your list of priorities? My father always says "You are what you do, not what you say." 但我不能再相信这样的话了，孩子们还是你们的优选名单吗？我爸爸总是说：“听其言，观其行，是认识一个人最好的方法”。
Well, what you do makes me cry at night. You grown ups say you love us. I challenge you, please make your actions reflect your words. Thank you for listening. 然而，你们所做的事让我在夜晚哭泣，你们成年人说你们爱我们，我不会再相信了，因为只有行动和语言的合一，才是找回信任和未来的唯一方法！谢谢！
201109/155435.shtmlIn August, Jose Javier - from the city of Torrevieja - created an account with AdWords, a Google pay-per-click service.
今年8月，来自托雷维耶哈的乔斯·哈维尔创建了一个AdWords账户，这是谷歌旗下的一项点击付费服务。
He was under the impression people clicking on the adverts would earn him money. But instead he was charged every time someone clicked on the link.
他原以为只要有人点击这个广告，就会给他捐献一点钱。但是实际上，每当有人点击这个链接的时候，他都需要付费。
Google has now said it won't make him pay the fee.
好在谷歌公司已于日前表示，他们不会让哈维尔支付这笔费用。
The company realised that "it was all a mistake and that he did it without thinking," a Google spokeswoman said last Wednesday.
谷歌公司一名发言人在上周三时表示，该公司意识到“这是一个错误，哈维尔是无心之失”。
"A 12-year-old boy doesn't want to start spending 100,000 euros."
“一个12岁的小男孩可不想在自己事业刚刚开始的时候就背负10万欧元的账单。”
Jose's mother Inma Quesada told the El Pais daily that her son "wanted to buy instruments" for his band Los Salerosos (loosely translated as "The Salties"), in which he plays the trumpet.
乔斯的母亲因玛·克萨达在接受《西班牙日报》采访时表示，她的儿子想要给自己的乐队“Los Salerosos”（大意为“冒失鬼”）购买乐器。他在乐队里担任小号手。
A savings account had been opened in the boy's name and he used those details when signing up for AdWords.
哈维尔以自己的名字开了一个储蓄账户，并且用这些信息注册了AdWords账户。
His parents only realised what was going on when the bank called them to let them know about the charges.
当银行打电话给哈维尔的父母，告诉他们有关收费的事情的时候，他们才知道发生了这样的事情。
AdWords puts advertising higher up Google's search results and on other websites. The advertiser only pays when someone clicks on one of these links.
AdWords事实上是一个竞价排名系统，在支付费用之后，它会把客户的广告列在谷歌搜索结果和其他网站的靠前位置。只有当有人点击这些广告链接的时候，客户才需要支付费用。
Prices at China's factory gates fell for a 34th consecutive month in December, pushed down by falling energy and commodity prices.
受能源和大宗商品价格日益下跌影响，中国12月工业生产者出厂价格连续第34个月下跌。
China's producer price index deflated by 3.3 per cent in annual terms last month, the most since September 2009. Prices in the mining sector were down 13.2 per cent, while raw materials prices fell 6.4 per cent.
中国12月生产者价格指数(PPI)同比下滑3.3%，为自2009年9月以来最大降幅。矿业价格下跌13.2%，原材料价格下跌6.4%。
"Producer prices remain in deflation because of falling commodity prices," said Moody's Analytics before the report.
穆迪分析(Moody's Analytics)在报告发布之前表示：“由于大宗商品价格不断下跌，生产者价格仍将处于下行趋势。”
The housing slump has cut demand for iron ore, energy and other commodities. Higher global supplies have exacerbated the gap between supply and demand and pushed raw materials prices lower. This dynamic is not expected to change in the near term despite measures such as the interest rate cut in November.
房地产市场低迷降低了对铁矿石、能源和其他大宗商品的需求。全球供应增加加剧了供需差距并推低了原材料价格。尽管中国出台了多项措施，例如去年11月的降息，但预计这种情况近期不会发生变化。
Inflation for consumers, meanwhile, ticked up slightly to 1.5 per cent, versus a five-year low of 1.4 per cent in November.
与此同时，中国12月消费者物价指数(CPI)略升至1.5%，11月为1.4%，为5年低点。
Beijing targets consumer prices inflation at 3.5 per cent, but weakening growth is keeping prices benign.
中国政府确定的消费者物价通胀目标为3.5%，但增长日益疲弱将令物价指数变得温和。
Chinese industrial profits slumped by a record 8 per cent last month, as Beijing’s targeted stimulus efforts failed to arrest a slowdown in the key driver of China’s economy.
去年12月，中国工业利润降幅达到创纪录的8%，显示中国有针对性的刺激计划未能抑制工业放缓，而工业是中国经济的主要推动力。
The fall in profits in December highlights the challenges facing an industrial sector racked by overcapacity and falling prices, adding to pressure on authorities to loosen monetary policy and boost infrastructure spending to cushion the slowdown.
12月工业利润下滑突显出中国工业面临的产能过剩和价格下跌的困扰，这加大了中国政府放松货币政策并扩大基础设施支出，以缓和经济放缓影响的压力。
The 8 per cent year-on-year drop in profits last month compares with 4.2 per cent in November and is the biggest since the current data series began in late 2011, figures released on Tuesday showed.
周二公布的数据显示，去年12月，中国规模以上工业企业利润同比下降8%，是2011年末以来的最大降幅。11月数据的同比下滑幅度为4.2%。
For the full year, profits rose 3.3 per cent, the slowest growth since at least 2008, when Chinese manufacturers were slammed by the global financial crisis.
2014年全年工业利润增长3.3%，为2008年以来最慢。
“As the economy enters the ‘new normal’, the industry sector faces increased downward pressures, unreasonable structures and weak innovation capability,” Mao Weiming, vice-minister at the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, said at a press conference.
中国工业和信息化部副部长毛伟明在一次新闻发布会上说：“在我国经济发展进入新常态的形势下，工业面临着下行压力加大、结构不尽合理、创新能力较弱。”
While falling prices for oil and other inputs have supported profit margins, the positive impact has been outweighed by falling prices for finished goods, He Ping, a statistician at the bureau’s industrial department, said in a statement accompanying the data.
中国国家统计局工业司何平在随后发布的数据解读声明中称，尽管石油和其他投入价格下跌支撑了利润率，但出厂价格的下跌抵消了这些利好影响。
“The impact of lower prices on the slide in profits is worsening,” he said.
他表示：“价格走低对利润下滑影响加剧”。
Commodity-linked sectors have been especially hard hit in recent months. Mining-sector earnings tumbled 23 per cent last year. Oil and petrochemical refiners also saw profits slammed. Despite the fall in crude prices, many refiners remain subject to crude prices agreed to before the recent price drop, even as prices for their output fall.
最近几个月，大宗商品相关行业受到的冲击尤为严重。采矿业全年利润下降23%。石油和石化炼制企业的利润也出现下滑。尽管油价下跌，但很多炼厂仍要接受在油价暴跌之前签订的协议价格，而它们的出厂价格在下跌。
Manufacturing has held up better, with profits growing 6.5 per cent, while profits from utilities such as electricity, heat and water grew 17 per cent, boosted by lower energy prices.
制造业表现较好，利润增长6.5%。受低廉的能源价格的提振，电力、热力、燃气及水生产和供应业利润增长17%。
The dollar value of China’s exports fell markedly more than expected last month and import growth more than halved, while revisions to November data erased what had appeared to be a long-hoped-for return to growth for outbound shipments.
上个月，以美元计的中国出口跌幅显著超过预期，进口增幅也下滑一半以上。同时，对11月份数据的修正，抹去了原本疑似出现的人们长久期待的对外出口增长。
Exports shrank 6.1 per cent year on year in dollar terms to $209.42bn in December, according to figures from the General Administration of Customs. That fall was 2.1 percentage points more severe than a median of economist estimates and worse than a revised drop of 1.6 per cent (previously 0.1 per cent growth) in November.
根据中国海关总署(General Administration of Customs)发布的数据，12月份以美元计的出口额同比减少6.1%至2094.2亿美元。这一跌幅比经济学家预期的中数多了2.1个百分点，也大于11月份修正后1.6%的跌幅（修正前该数字为增长0.1%）。
Imports grew 3.1 per cent year-on-year in dollar terms to $168.6bn in December after growing a revised 4.7 per cent (previously 6.7 per cent) the previous month. That rate was roughly in line with a median forecast of 3 per cent growth.
12月份以美元计的进口同比增长3.1%至1686亿美元，而上个月修正后的增幅为4.7%（修正前为6.7%）。这一增长幅度大致符合3%预期中数。
Trade flows brought China’s balance of trade to $40.82bn, roughly $7.2bn below expectations and down about $3.6bn from November’s revised level of $44.23bn (previously $44.61bn). That balance came to Rmb275.4bn in local-currency terms.
贸易往来令中国该月贸易顺差达到408.2亿美元，比预期低大约72亿美元，也比11月份修正后442.3亿美元的水平（修正前该数字为446.1亿美元）低了36亿美元左右。以人民币计的这一顺差则为2754亿元人民币。
What growth dollar exports did see among major trading partners came from shipments to the US, which rose 5.5 per cent year on year to $37.06bn. Exports to South Korea also showed growth of 8.3 per cent to $10.2bn.
在主要贸易伙伴中，以美元计的出口确实出现增长的包括对美国的出口，同比增长5.5%，达到370.6亿美元。而对韩国的出口也显示增长8.3%至102亿美元。
But shipments to other destinations fared far worse, particularly those to re-exporter Hong Kong, which saw the dollar value of exports from China contract 26.3 per cent year on year to $33.84bn. Shipments to EU countries also fell 4.7 per cent to $33.5bn, while those to Japan dropped 5.5 per cent to $11.27bn.
不过，对其他地区的出口却差多了，尤其是对转口地区香港的贸易，该月以美元计的对香港出口同比下滑26.3%至338.4亿美元。对欧盟(EU)国家的出口也下滑4.7%至335亿美元。而对日本出口则下滑5.5%至112.7亿美元。
In local currency terms exports managed slight growth of 0.6 per cent last month, besting expectations of 0.1 per cent contraction but still down substantially from growth of 5.9 per cent in November. Imports grew 10.8 per cent in renminbi terms, more than double the expected 4.8 per cent but down 2.2 percentage points from the month prior.
以人民币计算，12月份出口环比成功增长0.6%，超过了收缩0.1%的预期，不过仍大大低于11月份5.9%的增幅。以人民币计的进口增长10.8%，是预期4.8%的增幅的两倍以上，不过仍比上个月低2.2个百分点。
Even if they played an imperfect game, the Golden State Warriors managed to maintain their perfect start.
即使他们打的比赛也许并不完美，但是，金州勇士队完美的赛季开局阶段仍然在继续。
Stephen Curry scored 37 points to lead the defending NBA champions to their 12th straight win to open the season, a hard-fought 115-110 victory over the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday night.
在周二晚上，史蒂芬·库里砍下37分，带领卫冕冠军以115比110艰难的击败了多伦多猛龙，豪取开赛12连胜。
"We hold ourselves to a very high standard," Curry said. "We didn't put any pressure on them defensively in the third quarter. We were sloppy on a couple of possessions offensively and gave them life. Those are things we need to improve on. Everyone likes to learn those lessons in wins."
“我们一直用很高的标准要求自己”，库里赛后表示。“我们在第三节没有给他们防守端施加压力，草率地结束了我们的进攻并且给了他们机会。有很多需要我们继续提高的地方，当然，每个人都愿意在赢球的同时接受教训。”
Klay Thompson added 19 points and Andrew Bogut scored 13 for the Warriors, off to the best start by an NBA team since Dallas won its first 14 games in 2002-03. Golden State needs three wins to equal the league record of 15-0, held by the 1948-49 Washington Capitols and 1993-94 Houston Rockets.
克雷·汤普森贡献19分，博古特也贡献了13分。勇士队也创下了自2002-03赛季小牛队14连胜之后的最佳开局。只需再有三场比赛的胜利，金州勇士就会追平1948-1949赛季华盛顿子弹和1993-94赛季休斯敦火箭共同创下的开局15连胜的记录。
This one didn't come easy, though. Toronto fought back from an 18-point deficit and trailed by one late in the game with the ball. But guard Kyle Lowry was called for an offensive foul, and Curry hit two free throws to help seal the win.
回顾今天这场比赛，胜利来得并不容易。猛龙队曾一举逆转了18分的劣势，并在最后时刻拥有球权并只落后1分。但是最终，后卫凯尔·洛瑞被吹罚了一次进攻犯规，而库里依靠两记罚球为勇士队锁定胜局。
"I don't know what happened," Lowry said. "I just know I got a call for offensive foul. It happens. It's the NBA. That's all I can say about it."
“我不知道发生了什么”洛瑞说。“我只知道我被吹罚了一次进攻犯规，就这么发生了。这就是NBA，这就是我想说的。”
The largest flawless vivid blue diamond in the world is to go on sale today at Christie's auction house.
5月14日，英国佳士得拍卖行拍出世界上最大的无暇艳彩蓝钻。
The pear-shaped diamond named The Blue is 13.22 carats is estimated to be worth between $21-$25 million.
这颗梨形蓝钻被命名为“蓝色”，重13.22克拉，拍前估价为2100万至2500万美元。
'It is absolutely perfect, absolutely pure externally and internally. It is almost a dream,' said Jean-Marc Lunel, senior international specialist of Christie's jewellery department.
佳士得珠宝部门的国际高级鉴定师吉恩马克·鲁纳尔称：“这颗钻石完美无瑕，从内到外都绝对纯净。”
'We are quite confident that it should sell towards the high end of the estimate or above.'
“我们非常确信成交价会达到预测的最高价。”
In the past decade, only three blue diamonds of 10 carats or more with the same vivid grading for intensity have been sold at auction, all weighing less than 12 carats and none flawless, he said.
过去十年中，只有3颗10克拉级且硬度相当的鲜彩蓝钻被拍卖，3颗都未达到12克拉，而且有瑕疵。
'It is most probably from a mine in South Africa known as Premier mine and now as Cullinan, where most of the blue diamonds are from. Probably in the last 30 years,' Mr Lunel said.
鲁纳尔说：这颗钻石可能产于南非的普列米尔矿山,现称库里南矿场。”
'The market for colored diamonds is really, really high, because they are so rare,' he said.
他称：“有色钻石的市场门槛设置得非常高，因为它们实在太稀有了。”
'For what is really exceptional, not seen on the market, there are really clients looking for such investments,'
“而在市场上前所未有的是确实有客户在寻找这样的投资。”
'Chinese clients are not only buying in Asia but in New York and Geneva as well.'
“中国的客户不仅在亚洲购买，也会在纽约和日内瓦购买。”
The auction house says seven records in all were set at the Geneva auction including the highest amount ever paid for a yellow diamond - $16.3 million for the 100.09-carat Graff Vivid Yellow diamond ring.
佳士得拍卖行声称日内瓦拍卖会有7次珠宝拍卖创下了记录，包括历史成交价格最高的黄色钻石—— 100.09克拉的格拉夫鲜彩黄钻戒指，拍卖价高达1630万美元。
The auction house said today that the auction, featuring two diamonds over 100 carats, drew buyers from more than 30 countries.
拍卖行称这次拍卖会还将拍卖两颗超过100克拉的钻石，吸引了30多个国家的买家。
It is reported that Karl Lagerfeld, the artistic director for Chanel, died aged 85 in Paris, leaving the fashion world reeling at the loss of the man.
据报道，香奈儿艺术总监卡尔·拉格菲尔德于巴黎去世，享年85岁，整个时尚界都为他的离世而感到震惊。
As the fashion world mourns Lagerfeld, his beloved cat Choupette is one of a number who could be set to inherit his ￡150million fortune.
正当整个时尚界都在为拉格菲尔德哀悼，而除了他的众多继承人，他的爱猫邱佩特可能也会继承他的1.5亿英镑财产的一部份。
One of the designer's most important companions in later life was his Birman cat Choupette, who he has called his one true love and said he would marry if it were legal.
这位设计师晚年最重要的伙伴之一就是他的伯曼猫邱佩特，拉格菲尔德称它为他唯一的真爱，而且他还曾说过，如果（与动物结婚）合法的话，他会与邱佩特结婚。
Last year he told an interviewer that 'among others' he would be giving his riches to Choupette.
去年他在一次采访中表示，“除了其他人”，他还会把他的财产赠予邱佩特。
But Choupette isn't only a kept kitty, for she made more than ￡2.3million in one year alone after appearing in just two ad campaigns — one for Japenese beauty product Shu Uemura, and for German car company Vauxhall.
不过邱佩特并不只是一只宠物猫，它只参与了两个广告的拍摄就在一年里独自挣得了230多万英镑，其中一个是为日本美容产品植村秀拍摄的，另一个则是为德国汽车公司沃克斯豪尔拍摄的。
The gorgeous Birman cat has more than 128,000 Instagram followers. And it has been the inspiration for many of Lagerfeld's designs.
这只漂亮的伯曼猫在Ins上有超过128000名粉丝，而且它还是拉格菲尔德众多设计的灵感。
Speaking of his desire to make their relationship to be 'official', Lagerfeld once said: 'There is no marriage, yet, for human beings and animals… I never thought that I would fall in love like this with a cat.
谈到他想让他们的关系“正式化”的愿望，拉格菲尔德曾表示：“目前还没有人类和动物结婚的……我从未想过我会像这样爱上一只猫咪。
'I look a lot like her, we're really like an old couple.'
“我跟她很像，我们真的就像一对老夫妇。”
It is not yet known who will look after Choupette after Lagerfeld's death.
目前还不清楚拉格菲尔德离世之后将由谁来照顾邱佩特。
An employee in the public relations department at Tencent Holdings, operator of a live-broadcast app through which a man received online payments of more than 250,000 yuan ($36,400) from a 13-year-old girl for his singing talent, said the girl might have faked her age when registering.
腾讯控股有限公司公关部的一名员工、一款直播应用的负责人日前声称，一名男子通过在这个直播平台唱歌接受了一个13岁女孩25万多元（3.64万美元）的打赏，而该女孩在注册时可能隐瞒了年龄。
"Our data show that the user gave her age as 28, not 13, as reported in the media," the employee said.
这位工作人员表示：“我们的数据显示该用户的年龄是28岁，并非媒体上报道的13岁。”
"She gave her surname as Han when registering, which is also different from the name Su in media reports," the employee said.
这位工作人员说道：“她注册时说自己姓韩，也不是像媒体上报道的姓苏。”
The girl, said to be from Shanghai, paid the man between 1,900 and 9,500 yuan every day over a two-month period through online payments using her mother's mobile phone and debit card.
据悉，这个女孩来自上海，在两个月间每天都通过她妈妈的手机和银行卡，给这名男子网上支付1900元到9500元不等。
Her mother discovered the debits on Jan 30, China Central Television reported.
据中央电视台报道，她的妈妈在1月30日才发现了此事。
Viewers of online live broadcasting can send virtual gifts, which they purchase, to broadcasters. Gifts range from 0.1 yuan to more than 1,000 yuan. A percentage of the money goes to the platform.
直播平台的观众可以给主播送需要花钱买的虚拟礼物。礼物的价格从0.1元到1000元不等。直播平台从中抽取一定比例的提成。
"We hope the mother will come to us and verify the facts. If it's true that the user is a 13-year-old who spent the money without consent, we can negotiate a refund," the Tencent employee said.
这位腾讯公司员工说道：“我们希望她的妈妈能出面协助我们一起调查此事。如果用户确实13岁，未经允许花钱，那么我们可以协调退还。”
He said game and live-broadcast apps currently hosted by Tencent don't require real-name registration, but the company is considering establishing a platform for parents to monitor their children's behavior.
他表示，目前腾讯旗下的游戏和直播应用不需要实名注册，不过腾讯公司正在考虑建立一个平台，以方便家长监护孩子的行为。
If the oldest man ever elected president can “tweet like a kindergartner,” why not flip the script and see if a youngster can be elected to office and govern wisely?
如果一个“推文幼稚的像个幼儿园小朋友”一样最年长的人，都可以当选总统，那为什么反过来不试一下，看看年轻人能否当选并明智地执政?
That's part of the logic, anyway, behind the unlikely candidacy of Ethan Sonneborn, a 13-year-old running for governor of Vermont, one of just two states with no minimum age requirement for the office.
不管怎么样，这就是这位看起来不太可能的，但正在竞选佛蒙特州州长，13岁候选人桑尼伯恩背后的逻辑。佛蒙特州是美国仅有的两个对竞选州长无年龄要求的州之一。
Sonneborn, who lives in Bristol, Vermont, with his parents and younger sister, Julia, 11, is seeking the Democratic nomination.
桑尼伯恩和他的父母以及11岁的妹妹朱莉娅住在佛蒙特州的布里斯托尔，他正在寻求民主党的提名。
A candidate's age is no gauge of their effectiveness, Sonneborn tells PEOPLE, saying that despite Donald Trump being the oldest person elected to the U.S. Presidency, “He tweets like a kindergartener.”
“候选人的能力并不能用他们的年龄来衡量”，桑尼伯恩告诉《人物》（美国杂志）说，”尽管唐纳德·特朗普是当选美国总统的人中最年长的，但是“他的推文就像幼儿园小朋友一样”。“
Sonneborn says he's been dismayed not only by what he sees as Trump's troubling decisions and juvenile moments but also by the president's response after a counterprotester was killed during the August white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia — which is what cemented Sonneborn's decision to seek office.
桑尼伯恩说他不仅对特朗普的错误决定和无知时期感到失望，同时也因为总统对8月在弗吉尼亚州夏洛茨维尔举行的白人种族主义集会上反抗者被杀害后做出的回应感到失望——这也更加坚定了桑尼伯恩竞选州长的决心。
The eighth grader's candidacy is also about overcoming age discrimination, which he sees as a barrier to equality, and he says his quest for the top state spot is no joke.
这位八年级学生的候选资格还包括克服年龄歧视，他说，他对最高掌权者州长的追求不是开玩笑的。
“It was the real 'I have to do this' moment,” he says.
“这是真的“我必须去做这件事”的时刻了，”他说。
“I saw a woman die and I saw the president of the United States refuse to unequivocally condemn the people who killed her.”
“我亲眼见到一个女人死了，并且我看到美国总统拒绝明确谴责杀害她的人。”
“I think the best way to engage young people in the process is to win,” he says.
他说：“我认为在这个过程中让年轻人参与的最佳方式就是赢得比赛。”
If he wins the primary, he would face off against first-term Republican Gov. Phil Scott, 59.
如果他赢得初选，他将与59岁的共和党第一届州长菲尔·斯科特对决。
“This young Vermonter clearly has an interest in service and anyone putting ideas forward with the goal of making Vermont a better place is appreciated here,” Scott's spokeswoman, Rebecca Kelley, tells PEOPLE.
斯科特的发言人丽贝卡·凯利告诉《人物》杂志:“显然这位年轻的佛蒙特人对服务很感兴趣，任何人提出的想法想让佛蒙特成为一个更好的地方，都能。”
“As we work to keep and attract more young professionals and job creators, we appreciate every young person who is engaged and invested in our state.”
“我们正努力留住并吸引更多的年轻专业人士和创业者，我们感谢每一个在我们国家工作和投资的年轻人。”
Screengrab taken on January 11, 2015 from a video released on Islamist social networks shows a man claiming to be Amedy Coulibaly, who killed four hostages after seizing a Kosher supermarket in Parison January 9, 2015 (AFP Photo/)
这是2015年1月11日发布在伊斯兰主义社交网站上的视频截图，显示了一个自称为AmedyCoulibaly的男人，声称就是他在2015年1月9日杀死了犹太超市的四个人质。
Paris (AFP) - Some 1,400 people living in France have either joined the jihadist cause in Syria and Iraq or are planning to do so, Prime Minister Manuel Valls said Monday.
巴黎法新社-1400法国人已经加入圣战组织或者打算这么做，总理ManuelValls周一说。
"There are 1,400 individuals who are involved in the departures for jihad,for terrorism, in Syria and in Iraq," Valls told BFMTV.
“有1400人出境去参加圣战，加入叙利亚和伊拉克境内的恐怖主义组织。” Valls告诉BFMTV。
"There are close to 70 French citizens or residents in France who have died in Syria and Iraq in the ranks of the terrorists," he added.
他进一步补充到，“有大约70名法国公民为恐怖分子当兵战死在叙利亚和伊拉克。”
The latest government figures were a big jump from data in mid-December, when1,200 people were said to have left or are seeking to leave to battle alongside jihadists.
最新的官方资料显示十二月中旬的数据大幅增长，有1200人已经离开或者正谋求去战场加入圣战份子。
"It is a massive jump in very little time: there were just about 30 cases when I became interior minister (in mid-2012), and 1,400 today," said Valls.
“这可是短期内的大幅跃升：当我还是内政部长时仅有30个案例，今天则是1400。”
The two gunmen who slaughtered 12 people at satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo,Cherif Kouachi and his brother Said, were likely among those who had left the country to "to be trained to kill and to sow terror".
两个抢手在讽刺杂志查理周刊屠杀了12个人，谢里夫库阿奇和他的兄弟塞得，他们可能就是出国“接受屠杀训练并散播恐怖”的人中的两个。
The third gunman, Amedy Coulibaly, who stormed a kosher supermarket on Friday,never left for such training, said Valls.
第三个枪手，Amedy Coulibaly，在周五袭击了一家犹太超市，没有出国接受过培训，Valls说。
"He was not on the intelligence services' radar," added the prime minister.
“他不在情报系统监视范围内，”总理补充道。
French authorities said in December that they have dismantled about a dozen networks that were sending people to fight in Iraq and Syria.
法国当局十二月发表声明，他们已经取缔了十几个向人们发布去伊拉克和叙利亚作战的网络。
France, along with Belgium, has seen the largest numbers of volunteers leaving to join the Islamic State jihadist group, which has seized large parts of Syriaand Iraq.
与比利时接壤的法国已经有大量志愿者出国加入伊斯兰国圣战组织，这个组织占领了伊拉克和叙利亚的大片区域。
1、Procrastination
1、拖延
This habit can seriously hurt you in a work setting. If you’re one of those folks who believes that you do your best work at the last minute and put off projects or assignments until the day (or hour) before they’re due, you may not be aware of the impact your habit is having on your co-workers.If your last-minute rush requires others to work quickly, you will likely anger them, and you’ll be the first one blamed when a project fails or isn’t completed on time.
这个习惯会严重影响你的工作。如果你认为在最后时刻可以发挥最好，不断地推迟任务直至最后一天（一个小时），你可能没有认识到你的这种习惯给同事们带来的影响。如果最后一刻再来赶工，要求别人迅速完成任务，很可能会惹恼你的同事，在任务失败或者未按时完成时候，你就是第一个被责备的人。
2、Lying
2、说谎
Misrepresenting your credentials or intentionally plagiarizing, lying on time sheets or billable hours, misusing expense accounts or abusing company credit cards, stealing the kudos for a co-workers' accomplishments, or otherwise robbing your employers blind can all cost you your job.
简历造假，蓄意剽窃，在时间表或者计费工时上撒谎，伪造费用账户，滥用公司信用卡，窃取同事成果以获得荣誉及骗取公司财产都会让你丢掉工作。
3、Negativity
3、消极
So many of us habitually gossip, whine or complain. But do any of these too often and your job could be on the line. These all lead to the same end result: you become a headache for your manager. Your boss is likely responsible for ensuring her teams are contributing to positive morale and anyone on the team who is counterproductive to that reflects poorly on her. Negative employees are often referred to as 'cancer' by upper management for good reason: they will eventually be cut out. A good approach if you have a complaint is to speak with your manager directly, in private. Never drum up your co-workers for support first.
我们当中很多人都有八卦抱怨的习惯。但是如果做的太频繁的话，工作恐怕就不保了。所有的这些会带来一个同样的结果：变成了老板的眼中的麻烦。一般来讲，老板要确保自己的团队有正面的能量，团队中如果有人是消极的，会有损他的形象。消极的员工在高级管理层中被认为是“癌细胞”，这是因为“他们早晚会被割除”。如果你有怨念的话，一个好的办法就是私底下直接和老板对话。 千万不要一开始就拉拢人心寻求支持。
4、Tardiness
4、拖拉
If you constantly arrive late to work, or return late from breaks, it displays an attitude of complacency and carelessness. So be prompt or even a bit early to show that you are time conscious and that you do care about your job and other people’s time, as well.
上班迟到，休息后又迟回工作岗位表现出来的是一种傲慢、随便的工作态度。 因此，快速或者甚至是稍微提前一点进入工作状态说明你有时间观念，你确实很在乎工作和别人时间。
5、Poor e-mail communication
5、低效的邮件沟通
This can involve everything from not responding to e-mails to not being aware of how you come across in an e-mail. If you have a bad habit of taking too long to check or respond to e-mails, you could miss important meetings or deadlines, cause delays or confusion, or come off as unprofessional.
低效的邮件沟通包括很多内容，从不及时回复邮件，到表达不清等问题都包括其中。如果你没有及时回复邮件的好习惯，你可能会错过重要的会议或者是截止日期，造成推迟以及迷惑，被认为是不专业的。
6、Social media addiction
6、沉溺于社交媒体
Another common path to job loss is the habitual obsession that many employees have with social media. Some companies have taken measures to monitor or limit their employees’ social media use, while others have blocked these sites completely. So beware: spending too much time on social media or other websites not related to your work can cost you your job.
另一个会造成失业的常见的习惯就是过度沉溺于社交媒体。有些公司采取了相应的措施来监控或限制员工使用社交媒体。有些公司甚至完全屏蔽掉这些网站。所以注意了花太多的时间在社交媒体或者与工作无关的网站上可能会让你饭碗不保哦！
7、Bad body language habits
7、糟糕的肢体语言
Do you routinely roll your eyes? Do you have a weak handshake? Do you avoid making eye contact? These could all be career killers. People must understand that actions speak louder than words. And the majority of our communication is done through non-verbal cues. People could perceive some of your non-verbal communication habits as rude or unprofessional—and these things could eventually have a significant impact on the advancement of your career.
你有翻白眼的习惯吗？握手时有气无力？不爱进行眼神交流？这些可谓是职业杀手。人们必须意识到行动大于言语，大部分的沟通是通过非语言暗示完成的。你的一些非语言习惯可能会被认为是不礼貌的，不专业的—而这些最终会严重影响你的职业发展。
An Australian woman whose cats ate each other after she abandoned them in her home has been convicted of animal cruelty.
澳大利亚一名女子将其猫咪们遗弃在家里，最后这些猫咪们竟同类相食，目前该女子已被判虐待动物罪。
RSPCA inspectors found 13 dead cats and an emaciated survivor when they raided the property in Adelaide, South Australia, in September 2015.
2015年9月，当“防止虐待动物协会（RSPCA）”的检察员们打开这处位于南澳大利亚阿德莱德的房子时，他们发现了14只猫咪，其中13只已经死去，仅存的那只也瘦弱不堪。
The 43-year-old woman was placed on a 12-month good behaviour bond and banned from owning animals.
这名43岁的女子被判处为期12个月的行为考察，并且不得再次拥有宠物。
The surviving cat, since named Trooper, has recovered and found a new home.
幸存的那只猫咪被命名特鲁珀，目前已经康复并找到了一个新家。
RSPCA South Australia chief inspector Andrea Lewis said it was a "heartbreaking" case for staff.
防止虐待动物协会南澳首席检查员安德里亚·刘易斯表示，对工作人员来说这是一件“令人心碎”的事。
"They see some pretty awful things," she told the BBC. "But this is something that will stay with them for a long time."
她向BBC透露称：“他们看到了一些非常可怕的事情，但是他们将在很长一段时间内继续接触这类事情。”
Video footage recorded by the RSPCA shows the house littered with mess, including animal faeces.
据防止虐待动物协会录制的视频显示，那间房间里满是垃圾杂物胡乱不堪，还有动物粪便。
Ms Lewis urged people to contact family, neighbours or an animal shelter if they were no longer able to care for their pets.
刘易斯呼吁那些不能再照顾自己宠物的人们要联系家人、邻居或者动物收容所来接手这些动物。
"People should just never walk away and leave their animals," Ms Lewis said. "Everyone has a legal obligation to look after animals in their care."
刘易斯说道：“人们不能像这样，抛弃他们的宠物。每个人都有悉心照料自己宠物的法律义务。”
A 14-year-old Chinese boy overcame two of humankind's most dreaded fears--getting stuck in an elevator and getting homework done, in a single night thanks to his quick-witted character.
日前，一名14岁的中国少年，在一个晚上的时间内克服了人类史上的两大恐惧：被困电梯和完成家庭作业。而这多亏了他机智的性格。
Sun Yixiao was on his way up last Tuesday evening after school, when the lift suddenly lurched to a stop.
在上周二晚上放学后，孙轶潇乘坐电梯回家，可是电梯突然故障停止运行。
A moment of panic followed, before the teenager decided to take matters into his own hands and find a way out.
惊慌随之而来，不过这名少年很快镇定下来，他决定把控局面，寻找逃生出路。
Sun said he tried to pry open the elevator door, but dismissed the idea and instead leaned against the wall concerned there could be a malfunction that would send the elevator in a free fall.
孙轶潇表示，他曾想撬开电梯门，但是他放弃了这个想法。相反，考虑到电梯出了故障可能会自由下坠，他选择背靠电梯。
He then pressed all the buttons in the hope to get the elevator to work again, but to no avail. Sun then punched the "stop" button, to lock the elevator and secure it won't move.
寄希望于电梯可能会再度恢复运行，他随即按下所有楼层的按钮，但是并没有奏效。于是，孙轶潇按下"停止"按钮，锁住电梯，确保不会再下坠。
Without a cellphone at hand, Sun tried yelling to get the attention of people outside, but no one responded as time passed by.
由于孙轶潇没带手机，他开始尝试大声呼救以引起外面人的注意，但是时间一分一秒地流过，并没有人回应他。
But the young boy still had on last trick up his sleeve before surrendering.
但是这位少年依然没有放弃，他还留了最后一手。
He slipped a note through the door with the message "People stuck inside, please ask the property management for help," and hoped someone would pick it up and act on it.
他通过电梯门递出一张纸条，上面写着"有人被困在电梯内，请叫物业来帮忙。"寄希望于有人可以捡到并来救他。
After exhausting all his options, the practical kid decided to tend to his academic responsibilities, not knowing how long it would take before someone finds him.
在做完所有他能做的自救措施后，这个务实的孩子不知道还要多久才会有人来救他，于是他决定做家庭作业。
He took out his textbooks and busied himself with his daily homework routine.
他拿出教材，开始做起了家庭作业。
Soon after he finished his duties, Sun heard loud voices coming from outside.
在完成作业不久之后，孙轶萧就听到外面嘈杂的响声。
"There was a large crowd outside, including my teachers and other parents, people looked quite agitated," Sun said of the moment he was rescued.
"电梯外面很多人，有我的老师，别的家长们，他们看起来都非常焦急，"孙轶潇在获救后表示。
He had been stranded for five hours by the time help arrived.
截止被救时，他在电梯内总共被困了5个小时。
On China's Twitter-like Weibo, many netizens thumbed up the boy's bravery and calmness in the face of such emergency.
在中国版推特新浪微博上，很多网民为男孩危急情况下的勇敢、淡定点赞。
"The guy must have weighted the pros and cons of the situation: he had a great chance to survive a stranded elevator, but would have been doomed if he left homework undone," joked @Zealshifang.
"这个家伙对当前情况作了利弊权衡：他有很大机会从故障电梯逃生，但是如果家庭作业没完成，他会很倒霉。"一名名为Zealshifang的用户调侃道。
Two arrested in connection to shooting of Lecent Ross
Lecent Ross枪击案已逮捕两人
Investigators have arrested one youth and one 18-year-old in connection to the July 9th shooting.
关于7月9日的枪击案，调查人员已逮捕两名年轻人，其中一名18岁。
Two arrests have been made in connection to the shooting death of 14-year-old Lecent Ross, police said Thursday.
警方周四表示，关于14岁少女Lecent Ross的枪击案，已逮捕两人。
Investigators have arrested one youth and one 18-year-old in connection to the July 9th shooting death, which occurred inside a Jamestown Cres. home.
关于7月9日发生于詹姆斯敦Cres.家中的枪杀案，调查人员已逮捕两名年轻人，其中一名18岁。
Detectives have laid charges, but said they will not release the details of the offenses until Friday when both the 18-year-old and the youth are expected to appear in court.
私人侦探已进行指控，但是他们表示，不会公布枪击详情，除非两名年轻人周五出庭。
Lecent was with an unknown number of other youth when she was killed by a single bullet inside a home in a public-housing complex near Martin Grove Rd. and Finch Ave W.
事发时，Lecent正与其他年轻人一起在Finch大道，Martin Grove路附近的一家酒吧，她被一颗子弹击中，抢救无效死亡。
The .40-calibre Smith & Wesson that killed her, a semi-automatic handgun, was seized by police to undergo ballistics testing to determine if it had been used in other crimes.
警方在屋内查出一柄40口径的Smith & Wesson半自动手枪，目前正在进行弹道测试，检查器是否牵涉其他犯罪活动。
In the month since her death, police have not said whether she accidentally pulled the trigger or was shot by someone else in the room.
Lecent去世当月，警方并未透露是她自己无意间扣动扳机还是被屋内的其他人射中。
Days after her death, Ross’ mother, Alicia Jesquith, told reporters she needed answers for the sudden death of her daughter, described by friends and family as a vibrant, ambitious young girl who lit up the room.
亲朋好友称Ross是一个充满活力有梦想的女孩子，她走到哪里，都会被她点亮。她去世后几天，她的母亲Alicia Jesquith告诉记者，女儿突然离世，她需要一个答案。
“Why did this happen to my daughter?” she said. “There’s been so many deaths because of the guns. I don’t know how many people have to die.”
“为什么这件事发生在我女儿身上？”她说，“因为枪支造成的死亡太多了，我不知道还要死多少人。”
A reporter was turned away at the unit where Ross lived, with a woman politely stating from behind the closed front door that the child’s mother isn’t ready to speak publicly.
在Ross居住的单元，不准记者入内，一名妇女在门缝中礼貌的说，孩子的母亲还没有准备好公开发言。
Around the corner from Ross’s home, a group of men sat on the shaded stoop of a townhouse, sipping from beer bottles and listening to music. One man who didn’t want to be named said he knew the arrested youth and young man since they were little kids.
在Ross家附近的拐角处，一群男人坐在一家别墅的遮阳门廊，喝着啤酒，听着音乐。一个不愿意透露姓名的男人说，他从小就认识逮捕的这两个人。
“It’s horrible,” he said. “Whenever I see someone with a gun, I take it away and report it to police.”
“太可怕了，”他说，“我见到有人带枪，就把枪拿走，报告警察。”
译文属可可英语原创，未经允许，不得转载。
A mother has written a letter in defence of her 14-year-old son who is facing a lawsuit over video game cheats in the US.
日前，美国一位母亲为她14岁的、因在视频游戏中作弊而面临指控的儿子，写信进行辩护。
Caleb Rogers is one of two people facing legal action from gaming studio Epic Games for using cheat software to play the game Fortnite.
Epic Games游戏工作室对包括迦勒·罗杰斯在内的两个人进行了法律诉讼，因为他们使用作弊软件来玩《堡垒之夜》这个游戏。
The studio says it has taken the step because the boy declined to remove a YouTube video he published which promoted how to use the software.
该工作室称，他们已经采取了措施，因为这个男孩拒绝删除发布在youtube上的视频，而在这个视频中他向人们介绍了如何去使用这个软件。
His mother says he is a scapegoat. 'This company is in the process of attempting to sue a 14-year-old child,' she wrote in the letter which has been shared online.
而他的妈妈则称他只是一个替罪羔羊。她在已经在网络上发布的信件中写道：“这个公司正在试图去指控一个14岁的孩子。”
Ms Rogers added that she had not given her son parental consent to play the game as stated in its terms and conditions, and that as the game was free to play, the studio could not claim loss of profit as a result of the cheats.
罗杰斯夫人还表示，正如条款中所述，她并没有同意她的儿子玩这个游戏。此外，由于这个游戏是免费的，所以该工作室不能够断言因为作弊软件而造成了利润损失。
"It is my belief that due to their lack of ability to curve cheat codes and others from modifying their game, they are using a 14-year-old child as a scapegoat to make an example of him," she said.
她说道：“我认为，由于这家公司没有打击盗版或其他恶意修改游戏行为的能力，所以他们把一个14岁的孩子当替罪羊来以儆效尤。”
In a statement given to the website Kotaku, Epic Games said the lawsuit was a result of Mr Rogers "filing a DMCA counterclaim to a takedown notice on a YouTube video that exposed and promoted Fortnite Battle Royale cheats and exploits."
Epic Games在网站Kotaku上发表的一份声明中则指出，提起法律诉讼的原因是罗杰斯在一个YouTube视频的可移除标签上写下了涉及DMCA的反诉内容，这段视频展示并推广了《堡垒之夜》外挂软件。
Epic is not OK with ongoing cheating or copyright infringement from anyone at any age, it said.
该声明称，EPIC绝不容忍任何人的欺骗或者侵犯版权的行为，不管他的年龄有多大。
重点单词
查看全部解释
deprivation
[.depri'vein]
想一想再看
n. 剥夺，免职，匮乏，丧失，夺去
联想记忆
X
单词deprivation 联想记忆：
de离开，priv＝privat私人的－从私人那里拿走－剥夺
avoid
[?'v?id]
想一想再看
vt. 避免，逃避
联想记忆
X
单词avoid 联想记忆：
a朝向，void空－空城计－避开
navigation
[.n?vi'gein]
想一想再看
n. 航行，航海，导航
opposed
[?'p?uzd]
想一想再看
adj. 反对的，敌对的 v. 和 ... 起冲突，反抗
initially
[i'nili]
想一想再看
adv. 最初，开头
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
yacht
[j?t]
想一想再看
n. 游艇，快艇 vi. 驾快艇
联想记忆
X
单词yacht 联想记忆：
读：游艇
route
[ru:t]
想一想再看
n. 路线，(固定)线路，途径
vt. 为 .
comfort
['k?mf?t]
想一想再看
n. 舒适，安逸，安慰，慰藉
vt. 安慰，使
联想记忆
X
单词comfort 联想记忆：
com共同+fort强大→一起给力量→安慰；舒适
setting
['seti?]
想一想再看
n. 安装，放置，周围，环境，(为诗等谱写的)乐曲
<br
重点单词
查看全部解释
deprivation
[.depri'vein]
想一想再看
n. 剥夺，免职，匮乏，丧失，夺去
联想记忆
X
单词deprivation 联想记忆：
de离开，priv＝privat私人的－从私人那里拿走－剥夺
avoid
[?'v?id]
想一想再看
vt. 避免，逃避
联想记忆
X
单词avoid 联想记忆：
a朝向，void空－空城计－避开
navigation
[.n?vi'gein]
想一想再看
n. 航行，航海，导航
opposed
[?'p?uzd]
想一想再看
adj. 反对的，敌对的 v. 和 ... 起冲突，反抗
initially
[i'nili]
想一想再看
adv. 最初，开头
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
yacht
[j?t]
想一想再看
n. 游艇，快艇 vi. 驾快艇
联想记忆
X
单词yacht 联想记忆：
读：游艇
route
[ru:t]
想一想再看
n. 路线，(固定)线路，途径
vt. 为 .
comfort
['k?mf?t]
想一想再看
n. 舒适，安逸，安慰，慰藉
vt. 安慰，使
联想记忆
X
单词comfort 联想记忆：
com共同+fort强大→一起给力量→安慰；舒适
setting
['seti?]
想一想再看
n. 安装，放置，周围，环境，(为诗等谱写的)乐曲
<br
重点单词
查看全部解释
deprivation
[.depri'vein]
想一想再看
n. 剥夺，免职，匮乏，丧失，夺去
联想记忆
X
单词deprivation 联想记忆：
de离开，priv＝privat私人的－从私人那里拿走－剥夺
avoid
[?'v?id]
想一想再看
vt. 避免，逃避
联想记忆
X
单词avoid 联想记忆：
a朝向，void空－空城计－避开
navigation
[.n?vi'gein]
想一想再看
n. 航行，航海，导航
opposed
[?'p?uzd]
想一想再看
adj. 反对的，敌对的 v. 和 ... 起冲突，反抗
initially
[i'nili]
想一想再看
adv. 最初，开头
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
yacht
[j?t]
想一想再看
n. 游艇，快艇 vi. 驾快艇
联想记忆
X
单词yacht 联想记忆：
读：游艇
route
[ru:t]
想一想再看
n. 路线，(固定)线路，途径
vt. 为 .
comfort
['k?mf?t]
想一想再看
n. 舒适，安逸，安慰，慰藉
vt. 安慰，使
联想记忆
X
单词comfort 联想记忆：
com共同+fort强大→一起给力量→安慰；舒适
setting
['seti?]
想一想再看
n. 安装，放置，周围，环境，(为诗等谱写的)乐曲
<br
重点单词
查看全部解释
deprivation
[.depri'vein]
想一想再看
n. 剥夺，免职，匮乏，丧失，夺去
联想记忆
X
单词deprivation 联想记忆：
de离开，priv＝privat私人的－从私人那里拿走－剥夺
avoid
[?'v?id]
想一想再看
vt. 避免，逃避
联想记忆
X
单词avoid 联想记忆：
a朝向，void空－空城计－避开
navigation
[.n?vi'gein]
想一想再看
n. 航行，航海，导航
opposed
[?'p?uzd]
想一想再看
adj. 反对的，敌对的 v. 和 ... 起冲突，反抗
initially
[i'nili]
想一想再看
adv. 最初，开头
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
yacht
[j?t]
想一想再看
n. 游艇，快艇 vi. 驾快艇
联想记忆
X
单词yacht 联想记忆：
读：游艇
route
[ru:t]
想一想再看
n. 路线，(固定)线路，途径
vt. 为 .
comfort
['k?mf?t]
想一想再看
n. 舒适，安逸，安慰，慰藉
vt. 安慰，使
联想记忆
X
单词comfort 联想记忆：
com共同+fort强大→一起给力量→安慰；舒适
setting
['seti?]
想一想再看
n. 安装，放置，周围，环境，(为诗等谱写的)乐曲
<br
重点单词
查看全部解释
deprivation
[.depri'vein]
想一想再看
n. 剥夺，免职，匮乏，丧失，夺去
联想记忆
X
单词deprivation 联想记忆：
de离开，priv＝privat私人的－从私人那里拿走－剥夺
avoid
[?'v?id]
想一想再看
vt. 避免，逃避
联想记忆
X
单词avoid 联想记忆：
a朝向，void空－空城计－避开
navigation
[.n?vi'gein]
想一想再看
n. 航行，航海，导航
opposed
[?'p?uzd]
想一想再看
adj. 反对的，敌对的 v. 和 ... 起冲突，反抗
initially
[i'nili]
想一想再看
adv. 最初，开头
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
yacht
[j?t]
想一想再看
n. 游艇，快艇 vi. 驾快艇
联想记忆
X
单词yacht 联想记忆：
读：游艇
route
[ru:t]
想一想再看
n. 路线，(固定)线路，途径
vt. 为 .
comfort
['k?mf?t]
想一想再看
n. 舒适，安逸，安慰，慰藉
vt. 安慰，使
联想记忆
X
单词comfort 联想记忆：
com共同+fort强大→一起给力量→安慰；舒适
setting
['seti?]
想一想再看
n. 安装，放置，周围，环境，(为诗等谱写的)乐曲
<br
This 1977 file photo shows Apple co-founder Steve Jobs as he introduces the new Apple II in Cupertino, Calif.
苹果公司创始人史蒂夫乔布斯在旧金山的库比蒂诺（苹果电脑的全球总公司所在地）介绍新研发的苹果II 型机，1977，旧金山
In this April 24, 1984, file photo, from left, Steve Jobs, chairman of Apple Computers, John Sculley, president and CEO, and Steve Wozniak, co-founder of Apple, unveil the new Apple IIc computer in San Francisco
照片左起分别是苹果董事长史蒂夫乔布斯，总裁兼CEO约翰斯卡利，创始人之一的斯蒂夫沃兹尼亚克，他们正在推出新款苹果II c型机，1984年4月24日，旧金山
In this Jan. 24, 1984, file photo, Steve Jobs, chairman of the board of Apple Computer, leans on the new "Macintosh" personal computer following a shareholder's meeting in Cupertino, Calif
乔布斯靠在一台“麦金托什”个人电脑上在股东大会谈笑风生，1984年1月，旧金山，库比蒂诺
In this Sept. 18, 1990, file photo, Steve Jobs, president and CEO of NeXT Computer Inc., shows off his company's new NeXTstation after an introduction to the public in San Francisco
NeXT 电脑公司总裁兼CEO史蒂夫乔布斯在向公众展示他的新一代NeXT 工作站（此时乔布斯已经离开苹果创办了皮克斯动画和NeXT 电脑公司），1990年9月18日，旧金山
In this Jan. 7, 1997, file photo, Steve Jobs, chief executive of Pixar, speaks at the MacWorld trade show in San Francisco.
皮克斯动画公司CEO乔布斯（此时乔布斯已重返苹果公司）在苹果展销会上作演讲，1997年，1月7日
In this May 6, 1998, file photo, Steve Jobs of Apple Computers unveils the the new iMac computer in Cupertino, Calif
苹果推出了新一代iMac 电脑，1998年5月6日，旧金山
In this Jan. 6, 2004 file photo, Apple CEO Steve Jobs displays the at the Macworld Conference and Expo in San Francisco. Jobs,
乔布斯在苹果博览会上展示iPod mini ，2004年1月6日，旧金山
Apple Inc.'s Chief Executive Officer Steve Jobs is shown in this combination photo of file photographs dating (top row L to R) July 2000, November 2003, September 2005, (bottom L to R) September 2006, January 2007 and September 2008. Jobs will take a medical leave of absence until the end of June because his health problems are "more complex" than he had thought, shocking investors and sending the company's shares down as much as 10 percent on January 14, 2009.
201110/156061.shtml
这是乔布斯从2000年6月到2008年9月的照片合集，显示了他健康状况的巨大变化。
In this Jan. 9, 2007 file phtoo, Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up an Apple iPhone at the MacWorld Conference in San Francisco. Jobs the CEO,
乔布斯在苹果博览会上手持iPhone ，2007年，1月9日，旧金山
In this Jan. 15, 2008, file photo, Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up the new MacBook Air after giving the keynote address at the Apple MacWorld Conference in San Francisco
乔布斯在苹果大会上作专题演讲后展示MacBook Air ，2008年，1月15日，旧金山
Apple Chief Executive Officer Steve Jobs holds the new " iPad" during the launch of Apple's new tablet computing device in San Francisco, California, in this January 27, 2010
乔布斯在苹果平板电脑发布会上展示iPad，2010年1月，旧金山
Apple CEO Steve Jobs poses with the new iPhone 4 during the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco, California in this June 7, 2010
乔布斯在苹果全球研发者大会上手持iPhone 4 ，2010年6月7日，旧金山
Apple Inc. CEO Steve Jobs introduces the iPad 2 on stage during an Apple event in San Francisco, California in this March 2, 2011,
乔布斯正在展示 iPad 2。2011年3月，旧金山
An iPhone displays an image of Steve Jobs as it sits with a memorial to the Apple founder and former CEO outside an Apple Store, Wednesday, Oct. 5, 2011 in New York. Jobs passed away Wednesday at the age of 56
在苹果公司外面，摆着一台显示乔布斯照片的iPhone ，用以寄托对这位苹果创始人和前CEO的哀思。2011年10月6日，旧金山，苹果总部
A thin line separates confidence and delusion, and Kobe Bryant is straddling it. It's the only conclusion one could reach after judging the Los Angeles Lakers star's comments Tuesday after he tied the worst shooting performance of his career in any game in which he attempted at least five shots.
自信和迷茫只有一线之隔，而现在的科比·布莱恩特正横跨在这两端。这是在周二与勇士的比赛中我们唯一可以得出的结论。这位湖人队的超级明星打出了自己职业生涯当中，单场至少五次投篮的比赛中最糟糕的一场。
In a humiliating 111-77 loss to the Golden State Warriors at Oracle Arena, Bryant shot 1-of-14 from the field, including 1-of-7 from 3-point range, and scored four points. He also shot 1-of-14 in a loss last season to the San Antonio Spurs.
在甲骨文球场以77比111耻辱性地输掉的这场比赛中，科比11投仅1中，其中三分球7投1中，全场只拿下4分。在上个赛季输给圣安东尼奥马刺队的比赛中。他也曾14投1中。
Bryant is the first player this season with four or fewer points on 14 or more field goal attempts.
科比也不幸成为本赛季当中第1位至少投篮14次却只拿下4分甚至更少的球员。
Many of his shots hit the front of the rim. Some 3-point attempts were air-balls. He blew one layup that should have been a dunk -- and probably would have been years ago, before all his injuries. And one shot, perhaps the cruelest of all, became lodged where the rim and backboard meet. An opposing player had to help pry it loose.
他的投篮许多次都是只打中篮筐的前沿儿。而一些三分投篮甚至投出了三不沾。许多本应是扣篮的球最终他只选择了上篮，当然了，这是相比在若干年前没有任何伤病的他而言的。而最残酷的是，其中一次投篮，科比甚至把球嵌在了篮筐与篮板之间。最终还是对方的球员把球拿了下来。
The performance was his worst so far this season, yet, frankly, it wasn't too dissimilar from those that preceded it. In his 20th NBA season, the 37-year-old Bryant has looked his age.
这场比赛的糟糕表现是本赛季截止现在科比打的最差的一场，但是坦白来说，这与之前的比赛并没有太大差别。在他的第二十个NBA赛季，37岁的科比的发挥已经和他的年龄相符了。
But once again, Bryant said he's fine, that his health is fine, that his shot is fine, and he diverted the conversation elsewhere, largely to his teammates and the team's overall scheme.
但是又一次，科比仍然表示自己很健康，自己的投篮很好，之后就将话题转向了关于他的队友和球队赛程上面。
"I'm not really worried about it, honestly," Bryant said. "My shooting will be better."
“老实说，我真的不担心。”科比说，“我的投篮会变好的。”
Until a couple of games ago, Stephen Curry really hadn't thought much about making more NBA history.
在最近一连串的几场比赛之前，史蒂芬·库里真的没有想到能够创造这么多的NBA历史纪录。
Now, Curry and the Golden State Warriors are right road of adding another accomplishment.
现在，库里和他的金州勇士队正行进在为创造又一个成就的正确道路上。
Curry scored 27 points and the defending champions moved within one victory of matching the best start in NBA history, holding off the Chicago Bulls 106-94 on Friday night to improve to 14-0.
在周五晚上，金州勇士队以106比94击败了芝加哥公牛队，将战绩提升为14胜0负。库里本场比赛拿下27分，而卫冕冠军也距离NBA历史最佳开局纪录只有一场之遥。
"It's a goal that's right here and now and it's something that we want to experience," Curry said. "It'd be a huge accomplishment because doing something that hasn't been done in the history of the league is special. You never know if this opportunity will come back again. There are so many variables that go into winning this many in a row, especially the start of the season."
“这是一个目标，也是我们想经历的事情”，库里赛后表示。“这将会是一个巨大的成就，因为做一些在联盟历史上还从未发生过的事情，感觉会是非常与众不同的。你永远也不会知道，这种机会是否还会再次来过。在取得这一连串的胜利过程当中，有许多许多的不可掌控的因素，特别是在赛季的开局阶段。”
Golden State equaled the 1957-58 Celtics as the only defending champions to win their initial 14 games. The Warriors are one of five teams in NBA history to begin 14-0, and will travel to Denver looking to keep it going Sunday.
凭借这场胜利，金州勇士队追平了由1957-1958赛季的波士顿凯尔特人队创造的卫冕冠军赛季开局14连胜纪录。而勇士队也是成为在NBA历史上，仅有的五只以14胜0负开局的球队。接下来，他们将会作客丹佛，力争在周日将纪录继续保持下去。
Are you a Type D personality? Test reveals how the little-known character type is so good at bottling up emotions that even they don't realize they're lonely and anxious.
你有D型人格特征吗？有测试表明，拥有这种鲜为人知的性格的人非常善于隐藏情感，甚至他们自己都没有意识到自己很孤单、很焦虑。
Are you often irritable?
你经常烦躁吗？
Do you tend to hide your feelings from others?
你倾向于隐藏自己的感情吗？
Do you often feel gloomy and down in the dumps?
你是否经常闷闷不乐、心情不好？
If the answer is "yes", then maybe you are a Type D personality.
如果答案是“是”，那么也许你是D型人格的人。
Type D personalities usually have a low self-esteem and a great fear of disapproval and this is the primary reason that prevents them from opening up to others.
D型人格的人通常自尊心不足，害怕被反对。这也是他们不想向其他人敞开心扉的主要原因。
Thus assuming that type D personalities lack social interest is not correct but the right thing is that they might be interested in people but afraid to approach them because they fear rejection.
因此，D型人格的人并不是缺乏社交兴趣，而是可能对别人感兴趣，但又害怕接近别人，因为他们害怕被拒绝。
Negative emotions such as worrying, stress, depression and anger visit type D personalities more often. A small event that is usually overlooked by others can bother a type D a lot and even ruin his mood.
担忧、紧张、抑郁和愤怒等负面情绪更常在D型人格的人身上体现。一件常常被他人忽视的小事就可能让D型人格的人烦恼，甚至会破坏他的心情。
The term was first devised by psychologist Johan Denollet from Tilburg University who created a quiz to identify a type D personality.
“D型人格”最先由荷兰蒂尔堡大学的心理学家Johan Denollet提出。他还设计了一个测试，帮助人们认识自己是否具有D型人格特征。
Quiz
测试
Below are a number of statements that people often use to describe themselves.
以下是人们经常用来描述自己的一些句子。
Choose the number next to each statement that best reflects your feelings.
每个句子后面有5个数字，选择最能反映你的感受的数字。
There are no right or wrong answers, just be honest with yourself.
这项测试的答案没有对错，只要对自己诚实即可。
0=false
0=不是
1=somewhat false
1=不全是
2=neutral
2=中立
3=somewhat true
3=有时是
4=true
4=是
1) I make contact easily when I meet people 0 1 2 3 4
遇到别人我能很轻松地和他/她交谈
2) I often talk to strangers 0 1 2 3 4
我经常和陌生人说话
3) I am often irritated 0 1 2 3 4
我经常生气
4) I often feel inhibited in social interactions 0 1 2 3 4
社交中我经常压抑自己
5) I take a gloomy view of things 0 1 2 3 4
我对事物持悲观态度
6) I find it hard to start a conversation 0 1 2 3 4
我发现自己很难开启一段对话
7) I am often in a bad mood 0 1 2 3 4
我经常心情不好
8) I am a closed kind of person 0 1 2 3 4
我是一个封闭的人
9) I would rather keep people at a distance 0 1 2 3 4
我更愿意和别人保持距离
10) I often make a fuss about unimportant things 0 1 2 3 4
我经常在不重要的事上花费很多精力
11) I often feel unhappy 0 1 2 3 4
我经常觉得不开心
12) I often find myself worrying about something 0 1 2 3 4
我发现自己经常担心一些事情
13) I am often down in the dumps 0 1 2 3 4
我经常心情沮丧
14) When socializing, I don't find the right things to talk about 0 1 2 3 4
社交时我找不到合适的话题
Add your scores for questions one to nine to see how you score on the Negative Affectivity scale
将第1题到第9题的分数相加，计算自己在“消极情感”维度的得分。
On questions 10 and 11, if you circled 0, enter 4; if 1, enter 3; if 2, enter 2; if 3, enter 1; if 4, enter 0.
第10、11题，选0得4分，选1得3分，选2得2分，选3得1分，选4得0分。
Add your scores for 10 to 14 to find out how you score on the Social Inhibition scale.
将第10题到14题的分数相加，计算自己在“社交抑制”维度的得分。
You qualify as a type D personality if you scored 10 or higher on both Negative Affectivity and Social Inhibition scales.
如果在“消极情感”和“社交抑制”两个维度得分均为10分或10分以上，那么你就是一个有D型人格特征的人。
The first thing you must understand about personality types is that they have nothing to do with genes. This means that if you have a Type D personality then this doesn't mean that you can't change it. Also, the quiz doesn't mean that the result of the quiz determines your destiny. According to psychology, any personality trait can be changed.
首先必须了解的一件事是，人格类型与基因无关。这意味着D型人格特征并不是无法改变的。另外，测验也并不意味着测验的结果会决定你的命运。心理学研究表明，任何人格特征都可以改变。
Learn to control your emotions, control your thoughts, get over fear of rejection and learn to open up.
学会控制自己的情绪，控制自己的想法，克服对被拒绝的恐惧，学会向别人敞开心扉。
Type A and Type B personality theory describes Type A individuals as outgoing, ambitious, rigidly organized, highly status-conscious, sensitive, impatient, anxious, proactive, and concerned with time management.
A型与B型人格理论指出，A型人格的人外向、野心勃勃、严谨、地位意识强、敏感、不耐烦、焦虑、积极主动和注重时间管理。
People with Type A personalities are often high-achieving "workaholics". They push themselves with deadlines, and hate both delays and ambivalence. People with Type A personalities experience more job-related stress and less job satisfaction.
有A型人格特征的人往往是高成就的“工作狂”。他们用最后期限激励自己，讨厌延迟和矛盾心理。A型人格的人工作压力更大，工作满意度更低。
The theory describes Type B individuals as a contrast to those of Type A. Type B personality, by definition, are noted to live at lower stress levels. They typically work steadily, and may enjoy achievement, although they have a greater tendency to disregard physical or mental stress when they do not achieve.
同样，A型与B型人格理论指出，B型人与A型人截然相反。根据定义，B型人格的人生活压力较小。尽管他们在没有实现自己的目标时更容易忽视身体或精神上的压力，但通常可以稳定工作，享受成功。
When faced with competition, they may focus less on winning or losing than their Type A counterparts, and more on enjoying the game regardless of winning or losing.
面对竞争时，与A型人格的对手相比，B型人格的人可能不怎么关注输赢，而是尽情享受比赛。
To be brief, people with type C personalities are perfectionists, consistent and will never break the rules. Unlike their "sister" type A; type C personalities tend to take their time with the details and often check and recheck their work for accuracy. They tend to be deep thinkers and like to know every detail in regards to their work and life.
简而言之，C型人格的人是完美主义者， 始终如一，永远不会违反规则。 与A型人格的人不同的是，C型人会花时间处理细节，经常反复检查工作是否准确。他们往往是深思熟虑的人，喜欢了解自己工作和生活的每一个细节。
Last but not least, no matter what kind of personality you are, be positive and stay healthy!
最后，不管你是什么性格的人，积极生活，健康向上！
Fifteen Chinese nationals have been charged with developing a fraud scheme in which they paid imposters to take entrance exams, including the SAT, and gained acceptance to elite American colleges and universities, the US Department of Justice said on Thursday. Conspirators were paid up to $6,000 each time they used counterfeit Chinese passports to trick test administrators into thinking they were the person who would benefit from the test score, a federal grand jury charged.重点单词
查看全部解释
strengthen
['stre?θ?n]
想一想再看
v. 加强，变坚固
联想记忆
X
单词strengthen 联想记忆：
stre力量，ngthen－加强力量
addition
[?'din]
想一想再看
n. 增加，附加物，加法
联想记忆
X
单词addition 联想记忆：
add增加，ition名词后缀
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
copyright
['k?pirait]
想一想再看
n. 版权，著作权
adj. 版权的
facilitate
[f?'siliteit]
想一想再看
vt. 帮助，使 ... 容易，促进
联想记忆
X
单词facilitate 联想记忆：
facile（adj 易做到的；不花力气的；性格温和的）face，le乐：想让脸乐还不容易吗？Fac＝face，ilit，ate吃：用脸吃饭还不容易吗？
campaign
[k?m'pein]
想一想再看
n. 运动，活动，战役，竞选运动
v. 从事运
联想记忆
X
单词campaign 联想记忆：
camp（n 田野，营地），aign名词后缀－营地－备战的地方
established
[is't?bli?t]
想一想再看
adj. 已被确认的，确定的，建立的，制定的 动词est
protection
[pr?'tekn]
想一想再看
n. 保护，防卫
联想记忆
X
单词protection 联想记忆：
pro在前面+tect盖上+ion→保护
authority
[?'θ?:riti]
想一想再看
n. 权力，权威，职权，官方，当局
authorization
[.?:θ?rai'zein]
想一想再看
n. 授权(书), 认可
联想记忆
X
单词authorization 联想记忆：
author权力，权威+ixation表名词,来自-ize+ation,“…化”或“发展过程”→授权，批准
China's 16 listed banks have cut their dividend payouts for the past year amid slowing net profit growth.
由于净利润增长缓慢，我国16家上市银行削减了去年的分红。
According to the National Business Daily, the 16 listed banks plan to return 356.2 billion yuan to shareholders as cash dividends in 2015, a decrease of 8.3 billion yuan from the previous year.
据《每日经济新闻》报道，这16家上市银行计划向股东返还3562亿元现金分红，与前一年相比减少了83亿元。
The banks' ability to return money to shareholders have declined. The slowing earning growth, high nonperforming loans and required deposits on the reserve have placed pressure on the banks in regards to capital supplement, said Guo Tianyong, director of the China Banking Research Center at the Central University of Finance and Economics.
这些银行将钱返还给股东的能力有所下降。中央财经大学中国金融业研究中心主任郭田勇表示，缓慢的盈利增长和高额的不良贷款以及存款准备金给银行的资本金补充带来了压力。
The banking industry has been experiencing a low profit growth period and will be for a long time, the National Business Daily reported, citing an expert. He said the banks' yearly profits growth reached 35 to 40 per cent in the past dozen years, but now the growth had slowed to less than 1 per cent, with some banks even recording a loss.
《每日经济新闻》引用一位专家的话称，银行业已经经历了一个低利润增长期，并且将持续很长一段时间。该专家表示，在过去的十几年里，银行业每年净利润增长达到35%至40%。但现在每年都不到1%，甚至有的银行都进入亏损状态。
Influenced by the current economic situation, and resource relocation in China's financial market, the banking industry is away from the high-speed growth period, the expert added.
此外，该专家补充说道，受当前经济形势的影响，并且我国金融市场资源重新配置，银行业高速增长的周期已经过去。
Although the banks' dividend to shareholders is shrinking, it still accounted for half of the combined dividends of all public companies in China. The banks' earnings also made up 52% of the total profits reported by listed companies last year.
尽管给股东的分红正在缩水，但这些银行的分红数额仍占据中国所有上市企业分红总额的一半。去年，这16家银行报告的盈利占据上市公司盈利总额的52%。
Some of them still give high return to their shareholders. China Merchants Bank is generous; its dividend reached 30.16% of its net profits.
一些银行仍然给予股东高额回报。中国招商银行十分“大方”，其分红占净利润的30.16%。
According to the financial data provider Wind Information Co Ltd, listed companies in China's A-share market earned 2.47 trillion yuan in profits last year. Of those listed companies, 2000 plan to pay out 700 billion yuan to their shareholders.
据金融数据提供商Wind Information有限公司，列出了去年在整个A股市场共实现净利润2.47万亿元的各家公司。在这些上榜公司中，其中有2000家拟进行现金分红，总额近7000亿元。
重点单词
查看全部解释
breakthrough
['breik.θru:]
想一想再看
n. 突破
minutes
['minits]
想一想再看
n. 会议记录，(复数)分钟
medal
['medl]
想一想再看
n. 奖章，勋章，纪念章
vi. 获得奖章
联想记忆
X
单词medal 联想记忆：
源于：metal（n 金属），因为奖牌是金属做的
confident
['k?nfid?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 自信的，有信心的，有把握的
a
联想记忆
X
单词confident 联想记忆：
con全部+fid相信+ent表示形容词，“…的”→自信的
route
[ru:t]
想一想再看
n. 路线，(固定)线路，途径
vt. 为 .
stroke
[str?uk]
想一想再看
n. 笔画，击打，一笔（画）连续的动作，中风，
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词stroke 联想记忆：
源于：strike（v 打击；军事进攻；铸造；敲钟；罢工）
shatter
['t?]
想一想再看
n. 碎片，乱七八糟的状态
vt. 打碎，破掉
previous
['pri:vj?s]
想一想再看
adj. 在 ... 之前，先，前，以前的
联想记忆
X
单词previous 联想记忆：
pne以前+vi路[引申为走]+ous→以前走过的→以前的
butterfly
['b?t?flai]
想一想再看
n. 蝴蝶，蝶状物，蝶泳
vt. (烹饪时把鱼
champion
['tmpj?n]
想一想再看
n. 冠军，优胜者，拥护者，勇士
vt. 保卫
重点单词
查看全部解释
charity
['triti]
想一想再看
n. 慈善，慈善机关(团体), 仁慈，宽厚
联想记忆
X
单词charity 联想记忆：
char茶，ity状态－请喝茶的状态－施舍－仁慈
greenhouse
['gri:nhaus]
想一想再看
n. 温室，暖房
flame
[fleim]
想一想再看
n. 火焰，热情
v. 燃烧，面红，爆发
ceremony
['serim?ni]
想一想再看
n. 典礼，仪式，礼节，礼仪
core
[k?:]
想一想再看
n. 果心，核心，要点
vt. 挖去果核
foundation
[faun'dein]
想一想再看
n. 基础，根据，建立
n. 粉底霜，基
联想记忆
X
单词foundation 联想记忆：
found（v 建立；使有根据）作为词根表示：底部
coach
[k?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 大巴，教练;(火车)客车车厢，四轮马车，经济舱<b
联想记忆
X
单词coach 联想记忆：
读：口齿－教练要求口齿伶俐。
重点单词
查看全部解释
charity
['triti]
想一想再看
n. 慈善，慈善机关(团体), 仁慈，宽厚
联想记忆
X
单词charity 联想记忆：
char茶，ity状态－请喝茶的状态－施舍－仁慈
greenhouse
['gri:nhaus]
想一想再看
n. 温室，暖房
flame
[fleim]
想一想再看
n. 火焰，热情
v. 燃烧，面红，爆发
ceremony
['serim?ni]
想一想再看
n. 典礼，仪式，礼节，礼仪
core
[k?:]
想一想再看
n. 果心，核心，要点
vt. 挖去果核
foundation
[faun'dein]
想一想再看
n. 基础，根据，建立
n. 粉底霜，基
联想记忆
X
单词foundation 联想记忆：
found（v 建立；使有根据）作为词根表示：底部
coach
[k?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 大巴，教练;(火车)客车车厢，四轮马车，经济舱<b
联想记忆
X
单词coach 联想记忆：
读：口齿－教练要求口齿伶俐。
重点单词
查看全部解释
charity
['triti]
想一想再看
n. 慈善，慈善机关(团体), 仁慈，宽厚
联想记忆
X
单词charity 联想记忆：
char茶，ity状态－请喝茶的状态－施舍－仁慈
greenhouse
['gri:nhaus]
想一想再看
n. 温室，暖房
flame
[fleim]
想一想再看
n. 火焰，热情
v. 燃烧，面红，爆发
ceremony
['serim?ni]
想一想再看
n. 典礼，仪式，礼节，礼仪
core
[k?:]
想一想再看
n. 果心，核心，要点
vt. 挖去果核
foundation
[faun'dein]
想一想再看
n. 基础，根据，建立
n. 粉底霜，基
联想记忆
X
单词foundation 联想记忆：
found（v 建立；使有根据）作为词根表示：底部
coach
[k?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 大巴，教练;(火车)客车车厢，四轮马车，经济舱<b
联想记忆
X
单词coach 联想记忆：
读：口齿－教练要求口齿伶俐。
重点单词
查看全部解释
charity
['triti]
想一想再看
n. 慈善，慈善机关(团体), 仁慈，宽厚
联想记忆
X
单词charity 联想记忆：
char茶，ity状态－请喝茶的状态－施舍－仁慈
greenhouse
['gri:nhaus]
想一想再看
n. 温室，暖房
flame
[fleim]
想一想再看
n. 火焰，热情
v. 燃烧，面红，爆发
ceremony
['serim?ni]
想一想再看
n. 典礼，仪式，礼节，礼仪
core
[k?:]
想一想再看
n. 果心，核心，要点
vt. 挖去果核
foundation
[faun'dein]
想一想再看
n. 基础，根据，建立
n. 粉底霜，基
联想记忆
X
单词foundation 联想记忆：
found（v 建立；使有根据）作为词根表示：底部
coach
[k?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 大巴，教练;(火车)客车车厢，四轮马车，经济舱<b
联想记忆
X
单词coach 联想记忆：
读：口齿－教练要求口齿伶俐。
重点单词
查看全部解释
charity
['triti]
想一想再看
n. 慈善，慈善机关(团体), 仁慈，宽厚
联想记忆
X
单词charity 联想记忆：
char茶，ity状态－请喝茶的状态－施舍－仁慈
greenhouse
['gri:nhaus]
想一想再看
n. 温室，暖房
flame
[fleim]
想一想再看
n. 火焰，热情
v. 燃烧，面红，爆发
ceremony
['serim?ni]
想一想再看
n. 典礼，仪式，礼节，礼仪
core
[k?:]
想一想再看
n. 果心，核心，要点
vt. 挖去果核
foundation
[faun'dein]
想一想再看
n. 基础，根据，建立
n. 粉底霜，基
联想记忆
X
单词foundation 联想记忆：
found（v 建立；使有根据）作为词根表示：底部
coach
[k?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 大巴，教练;(火车)客车车厢，四轮马车，经济舱<b
联想记忆
X
单词coach 联想记忆：
读：口齿－教练要求口齿伶俐。
A teenage student in Southwest China's Chongqing Municipality has been sentenced to one year in jail after trying to poison fellow students for being too noisy in class, local media reported last Wednesday.
当地媒体上周三报道，中国西南部重庆市的一名学生因嫌同学上课吵闹而试图下毒，被判有期徒刑一年。
The 16-year-old surnamed Zhou on April 24 poured pesticide into the water dispenser in the classroom, apparently in an act of revenge against classmates who disturbed the class and affected Zhou's studies, the Chongqing Morning Post said.
根据《重庆晨报》报道，今年4月24日，这名16岁的周姓同学将农药倒入了教室的饮水机中，显然是在报复扰乱课堂秩序、影响自己学习的同学们。
No students or teachers drank the poisoned water, the report said.
该报道称，并没有老师和学生喝了有毒的水。
On April 24, Zhou took the pesticide to the Yimin Technician Training School in Rongchang, Chongqing and hid the toxic substance under a desk.
在4月24日当天，周某带着农药来到重庆荣昌益民技工学校，并把毒药藏在了桌子下面。
After Zhou contaminated the water, one of Zhou's classmates surnamed Tang noticed that the water coming out of the dispenser was milky and had a pungent scent.
在周某投毒之后，他的一名唐姓同学发现了饮水机的水呈乳白色，还有一股刺鼻的气味。
Suspecting that the water had been mixed with something harmful, Tang reported the incident to the class monitor and teachers.
唐同学怀疑水中被混合了有毒物质，便把此事报告给班长和老师。
Students were then asked to move the dispenser to the teachers' office where teachers then called the police.
随后，学生们将饮水机移动到教师办公室，之后老师便报了警。
After an investigation, Rongchang police arrested Zhou on April 29 for endangering public security, according to the Chongqing Morning Post.
据《重庆晨报》报道，经调查后，荣昌警方于4月29日以危害公共安全的罪名逮捕了周某。
The local court gave Zhou a lenient sentence due to the teenager's age and frank confession of the crime, according to the report.
根据报道，当地法院鉴于周某的年龄及其坦白承认自己的罪行，最终给予了周某一个宽大的判决。
In the past two decades, several campus poisoning incidents have sparked mass debates and concerns about students' psychological development and support.
在过去的二十年里，几起校园中毒事件引发了群众对学生心理发展及帮助的争论和关注。
One of the more notorious incidents was when Zhu Ling, a student at the prestigious Tsinghua University, was paralyzed when her roommate allegedly poisoned her with thallium in 1994.
其中最恶名昭著的是朱令案。1994年，这位清华大学在读学生被其室友用铊下毒，最终导致全身瘫痪。
Productivity is the name of the game for entrepreneurs. The good news is that there are thousands of amazing software applications out there, designed to make your life easier. The bad news is that you don’t have time to try thousands of software applications. Which ones are worth your time?
创业者之间竞争的本质在于效率。好消息是，如今市面上已经有了好几千种优秀的应用软件，能令我们的生活变得更加轻松，但是你不可能有足够的时间把这几千种应用都试上一遍。那么，哪些应用值得你花时间试用一下呢？
In this post, we’ll take a look at 16 software applications that I use almost every day — and discuss why you should too.
本文列举了16种我本人几乎每天都会使用的应用软件，我还将在本文中讨论为什么你也应该使用它们。
Project management.
项目管理类
1. Asana.
1．Asana
You’re a busy person. At times, it all can feel overwhelming. Asana is a cloud-based projec