ronto, which have spent the past year amplifying the message that they are open for business.
美英所失将是德国、瑞典和加拿大之获，创始人们将在柏林、斯德哥尔摩和多伦多等国际大都市枢纽创办新公司。这些大都市在过去一年都在强化对商业开放的信号。
The real disrupter is blockchain, the digital ledger for cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin, which has fuelled the creation of hundreds of new businesses in recent years, mostly enabling the buying and selling of digital money and offering money transfer services.
真正具有颠覆性的是区块链（比特币等加密货币的数字帐簿），该技术近年催生了数百家新企业，其业务大多是支持数字货币的买卖，并提供转账服务。
Bitcoin’s value was on a sharp upward curve at the end of 2017. There is growing pressure on regulators to rein in the cryptocurrency sector, but bitcoin continues to flourish. This is not a market for the faint-hearted, however, as jobs will be created and lost.
2017年底，比特币的价值呈现大幅上涨趋势。监管部门受到越来越大的压力，要求他们约束加密货币领域，但比特币势头不减。然而，这不是胆小鬼的市场，而且既会创造就业，也可能让你失业。
Most Heartwarming Acts of Kindness of 2018
2018年最令人感动的善举
Let’s take a moment to consider the kindness we extend to each other every day. These moving stories will reaffirm your faith in humanity.
静下来想想，其实人与人之间的善意之举就发生在我们身边，下面这几个平凡而又感人的故事更坚定了我们对这个美好世界的感动和热爱。
A teen building homes for families in need
来自中学生的感动——为需要的人提供住所
Daniella Benitez, a 14-year-old freshman at Cathedral Catholic High School in San Diego, has made it her mission to help build homes for people in need alongside the nonprofit organization, Build a Miracle. It started when her family helped build a home in Tijuana that was sponsored by Daniella’s school. “The day after completing the project, she woke up and told me she wanted to commit to building one home a year,” said her mother, Ghada. Daniella recruited a team to raise the $16,000 needed to provide a fully furnished home with running water, electricity, beds, and showers each year. She plans to personally go down and help build, paint, and furnish the homes, as well. This past spring, Daniella helped build a home that was just completed.
14岁的Daniella Benitez是圣地亚哥市区天主教大教堂中学的新生。她主动肩负起了和“创造奇迹”这一非营利组织一起为有需要的人建造房屋的重任。这源于她家人之前参与了在蒂华纳建造房屋的帮扶活动，而这一项目是由Daniella的学校发起的。“项目完成后的第二天，她醒来后就告诉我，她决定每年建一所房子。”她的母亲Ghada说。Daniella招募了一支团队，为每年能提供水、电、床和淋浴设施等各方面完备的房屋筹集了16000美元。她计划亲自建造、粉刷和装饰房屋。在今年春天，Daniella协助建造了一个刚完工的房子。
Candy from a stranger
来自陌生人的感动——给陌生人送糖果
Bob Williams, a 94-year-old man from Long Grove, Iowa, is making a positive impact in his community one chocolate bar at a time. He just hit a milestone of giving out nearly 6,000 Hershey’s milk chocolate bars to local residents. Every Saturday morning he buys a boxful plus a few extras for the store employees and the customer in line behind him. The rest of the week, the retired teacher and coach never leaves the house without a few in his pocket, and he hands them out to random people he meets. “I began giving out candy bars as a way to connect with the community in my hometown. I thought it’d be a nice way to get to know people in my town and bring a little cheer. Sometimes you see the same faces day in and day out, but you never really get to know them. I wanted to do something to change that,” he told Reader’s Digest. Earlier this year, he went out of his ways to make a new college student in town feel welcome.
Bob Williams是爱荷华州Long Grove的一位94岁老人。他正用一块块巧克力给他的社区带来正能量。目前，他已经实现了向当地居民赠送近6000块好时牛奶巧克力的里程碑。每周六早上，他都会买一箱巧克力，再买上一些零散的巧克力，分给店员和排队的顾客们。剩下的一周时间里，这个退休的教师兼教练出门总要在口袋里放上几个巧克力，送给路上遇到的人。他在接受《读者文摘》采访时说：“我将糖果作为保持社区居民联系的一种方式。我认为这是了解我所住小镇上的人的一种很好的途径，还能带来正能量。有时你日复一日地看到同样的人，但从未真正了解他们。我想改变这一现状。”而在今年早些时候，他竭尽全力，热情欢迎了镇上到来的一名新大学生。
Humanity for the manatees
来自小学生的感动——关爱海牛
Roxi Foley, 8, is a fan of the show Sea Rescue, which depicts ocean rescues of marine creatures. The plight of manatees—the marine mammal is under threatened status—led her to seek out the manatee exhibit when her family visited SeaWorld this year. After speaking with the animal’s caregivers, Roxi had one clear goal: To find a way to save manatees. That would be tricky from her home in the suburbs of Chicago. Undaunted, Roxi began writing letters to friends and relatives asking for donations. (Her grandfather recommended she call her efforts Humanity for the Manatees.) Roxi also sold artwork, donated her own money, and encouraged others to share spare change for manatees. “From a young age, she’d always ask me how she was going to change the world if she was just a kid,” says her mother, Didi. She would remind her daughter that every effort helps, no matter how big or small. This year, Roxi has raised hundreds of dollars for the cause.
现年8岁的Roxi Foley是《海上救援》的粉丝，这一节目描述了对海洋生物的救援过程。海牛这一海洋哺乳动物正濒临灭绝的困境，让她在今年和家人一起去海洋世界时特地参观了海牛展览。在与海牛照料人员交谈后，Roxi心生一个目标：找到拯救海牛的方法。这对于居住在芝加哥郊区家里的她是很困难的。但Roxi不慌不忙，开始写信给亲戚朋友寻求捐款。（她的祖父建议她将自己的努力称为“关爱海牛”行动。）Roxi还卖掉了艺术品，捐赠了自己的钱，并鼓励其他人为海牛做出一些小小的贡献。她的母亲Didi说：“从很小的时候起，她总是问我，作为小孩，应该如何改变这个世界。”她告诉女儿，无论大小，每个努力都实现它的价值。通过这一年，Roxi已经为该事业筹集了数百美元。
Emerging markets this year have been driven by the winds of a co-ordinated recovery in economic growth, with trade growing strongly, corporate earnings robust and interest rates still low on average across the EM universe.
新兴市场今年受到经济增长同步复苏的推动，贸易增长强劲，企业盈利稳健，整个新兴市场平均利率水平维持在低位。
But whether that environment will propel another year of strong gains for EM assets is another question. The big risks include the potential for a stronger US dollar and a China economic slowdown that could hit global demand for resources, several analysts say.
但是，这样的环境能否推动新兴市场资产实现又一年强劲盈利则是另一个问题。一些分析师表示，主要风险有美元可能走强以及中国经济可能放缓，后者将打击全球资源需求。
“The year 2018 may well be the toughest test yet for EM assets since the 2013 taper tantrum,” says David Hauner, head of economics for eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch in London.
美银美林(Bank of America Merrill Lynch)驻伦敦的东欧、中东和非洲经济主管戴维?豪纳(David Hauner)表示：“对于新兴市场资产而言，2018年很可能是自2013年‘缩减恐慌’(taper tantrum)以来最严峻的考验。”
“The clear and present danger is the combination of US monetary tightening and fiscal stimulus, which could conspire to push US nominal and real yields higher,” Mr Hauner adds.
豪纳说：“目前一个明显的危险是美国货币紧缩政策和财政刺激措施的结合，它们可能会一起推高美国国债的名义和实际收益率。”
During the 2013 taper tantrum, EM assets were clobbered by a surge in US Treasury bond yields brought about by the Federal Reserve signalling a desire to reduce the amount of money being pumped into the financial system.
2013年缩减恐慌时期，美联储(Fed)表示想要减少对金融体系注入的资金量，导致美国国债收益率上涨，令新兴市场资产遭到打击。
The concern now, according to Mr Hauner and other analysts, is that the proposed US tax reforms — if adopted — could trigger a resurgence in corporate capital flooding back to the America, thereby driving up the value of the US dollar. When the dollar appreciates against EM currencies, funds tend to flow out of EM assets and gravitate towards their dollar-denominated counterparts.
豪纳和其他分析师认为，现在人们担心的是，美国的税改计划——如果被采纳的话——可能会引发企业资本大量回流到美国，从而抬高美元的价值。当美元对新兴市场货币升值时，资金往往会从新兴市场资产中流出，流向以美元标价的资产。
However, opinion is divided on how the proposed US tax reform may play out. Arvind Rajan, head of global and macro at PGIM Fixed Income, a fund with $695bn in assets under management, says he does not expect the reforms to prompt a drastic change in US monetary policy as the Fed’s preferred price gauge remains well below 2 per cent.
然而，关于美国计划中的税改会产生什么影响产生了意见分歧。管理资产达6950亿美元的基金PGIM Fixed Income的全球和宏观经济主管阿尔温德?拉詹(Arvind Rajan)表示，他预计税改不会造成美国货币政策出现大幅变化，因为美联储关注的通胀率保持在远低于2%的水平。
“The passage of the tax bill would marginally increase the number of hikes that we should expect but I don’t expect the Fed to strike out in an entirely different direction,” he says.
他说：“税收法案的通过会略微增加加息次数，这我们应该预见到，但我不认为美联储会朝着完全不同的方向行动。”
The other main cloud hanging over the generally encouraging outlook for EMs is China’s incipient economic slowdown. Consensus Economics, a private group that polls economists projections, forecasts China’s GDP growth next year to moderate to 6.4 per cent, down from the official 6.9 per cent posted in the second quarter of this year.
笼罩在新兴市场总体乐观前景上方的另一团乌云是中国渐渐出现的经济放缓。据调查经济学家预测的私人机构“共识经济学公司”(Consensus Economics)预计，明年中国的国内生产总值(GDP)增长将放缓到6.4%，低于今年第二季度公布的6.9%的官方数字。
“Growth momentum [in China] has started to ease since the third quarter and we believe the slowdown is likely to be a sustained trend in 2018,” says Shen Jianguang, chief economist at Mizuho Securities in Asia. “This is mainly the result of policy tightening, including financial deleveraging, anti-pollution controls and new curbs on the overheated housing market.’’
瑞穗证券(Mizuho Securities)亚洲首席经济学家沈建光表示：“（中国）增长势头自第三季度开始减缓，我们认为放缓趋势在2018年可能会延续。这主要是政策紧缩的结果，包括金融去杠杆、治理污染相关控制以及对过热的房地产市场的新限制。”
China’s slowdown is likely to be expressed mainly in a cooling of its real estate market, with October numbers already showing a significant ebbing of growth momentum in property investment, new home starts and sales. Nevertheless, consumer spending is likely to remain strong next year as incomes continue to rise strongly and the willingness to consume among the younger generation stays buoyant.
中国经济放缓的主要表现可能是房地产市场的降温，10月份的数据已经显示房地产投资、新房开工和销售的增长势头出现显著放缓。不过，明年消费者支出可能保持强劲，因为收入增长依然强劲，而且年轻一代的消费意愿仍然旺盛。
So if both of the big risks for EMs — the Fed and a Chinese slowdown — remain contained, investors may feel liberated enough to concentrate on other more positive narratives, say analysts.
因此，分析师表示，如果新兴市场面临的这两大风险——美联储和中国经济放缓——继续受到抑制，投资者可能会感到足够的自由度去专注于其他更积极的观点。
“Basically, market turbulence in the first half of the year should be seen as a buying opportunity for emerging markets,” Mr Hauner says.
豪纳说：“基本上，今年上半年的市场动荡应该被视作新兴市场的一个买入机会。”
Chief among these during 2017 has been a strong corporate earnings picture. Earnings per share growth of the companies included in the MSCI EM index — the leading benchmark for EMs equities — are on course to rise 22.4 per cent this year, according to BofA figures, with some countries such as South Korea, Turkey and Mexico showing a strong outperformance with 53.3 per cent, 40.5 per cent and 26.1 per cent, respectively.
2017年最突出的现象就是企业盈利的强劲表现。据美国银行(Bank of America)数据，新兴市场股票的主要基准MSCI新兴市场指数(MSCI emerging markets index)所涵盖企业的每股收益增长率今年将达到22.4%，韩国、土耳其和墨西哥等部分国家的表现则更加优秀，将分别达到53.3%、40.5%和26.1%。
BofA is predicting EPS growth to moderate to 12.7 per cent next year, still a robust performance in spite of the obvious slowdown from this year. India, South Africa, China, Indonesia and Chile are among the predicted outperformers next year, the investment bank says. In terms of industry sector, earnings are expected to be strongest in consumer discretionary, healthcare and information technology.
美国银行预测明年每股收益增长率将放缓至12.7%，尽管与今年相比明显放缓，但表现依然强劲。这家投资银行表示，预计印度、南非、中国、印度尼西亚和智利明年会有出众表现。就行业而言，预计盈利最强劲的将是非必需消费品、医疗及信息科技领域。
The mysteries of bitcoin are turning heads yet again this week. At the start of the year, the digital token was worth $1,000; on Thursday, it breached $16,000. This is eye-popping, particularly given that so few investors actually understand how cryptocurrencies really work.
上周，比特币再次使人们目眩神迷。今年初的时候，这种数字代币单枚价格还只是1000美元左右；上周四却突破了1.6万美元。如此大的涨幅令人瞠目结舌，尤其是考虑到没多少投资者真正了解这种加密货币究竟如何运作。
But amid this frenzy, here is a more startling idea to ponder: what is happening with bitcoin is not actually the most head-spinning technological development in finance today. Far from it. Away from the public gaze, there are a host of other digital innovations emerging that have attracted little public attention, yet have more far-reaching implications.
但在这种狂热氛围中，有一点细思起来更加令人惶恐：发生在比特币身上的景象实际上并非当今金融领域最令人头晕目眩的技术发展。绝非如此。在公众视线之外，还涌现出了很多其他数字创新，这些创新虽没怎么引起公众的注意，却有着更深远的意义。
Consider the structure of markets. A few decades ago, most investors assumed that markets were a place where human brokers traded securities, on behalf of flesh-and-blood investors, driven by strategies devised in their brains (or investment committees).
想想金融市场的结构。几十年前，大多数投资者都认为，金融市场是一个人类经纪人代表真人投资者买卖证券的地方，所依据的是他们的头脑中（或投资委员会）设想出的策略。
But today that idea is as quaint as assuming that currencies are controlled by a central bank. Marko Kolanovic, a JPMorgan analyst, estimates that a mere 10 per cent of US equity market trading is actually now conducted by discretionary human traders; the rest is driven by various rules-based automatic investment systems, ranging from exchange traded funds to computerised high-speed trading programs.
但如今，这种想法就如同认为所有货币由一家央行控制一样古怪。摩根大通(JPMorgan)分析师马尔科?科兰诺维奇(Marko Kolanovic)估计，如今美国只有10%的股市交易由拥有自由决定权的人类交易员操作；其余的则由各种基于规则的自动投资系统——从交易所交易基金(ETF)到计算机化的高速交易程序——操作。
Of course humans write this code, and sometimes oversee trades. But at a recent financial technology conference at Michigan Law School, regulators and academics estimated that computers are now generating around 50-70 per cent of trading in equity markets, 60 per cent of futures and more than 50 per cent of treasuries. Increasingly, machine learning and artificial intelligence are being added to the mix, to analyse data, trade securities and offer investment advice.
当然，人类编写了这些代码，有时也监督交易。但在密歇根法学院(Michigan Law School)最近举行的一场金融技术会议上，监管者和学者们估计，计算机目前产生了证券市场约50%至70%、期货市场60%、国债市场逾50%的交易量。机器学习和人工智能正日益被采纳，用于分析数据、交易证券并提供投资建议。
What we are seeing, in other words, is the rise of self-driving investment vehicles, matching the auto world. But while the sight of driverless cars on the roads has sparked public debate and scrutiny, that has not occurred with self-driving finance.
换句话说，我们当前正看到“自主驱动”(self-driving)投资工具的兴起，如同自动驾驶汽车的到来。但是，虽然无人驾驶汽车上路的前景引发了公众辩论和审视，“自主驱动”金融领域还没有出现这种情况。
This needs to change. Theoretically, digital finance could deliver huge benefits. As the Basel-based Financial Stability Board noted in a report last month, computers trade faster and more accurately than humans, and analyse bigger volumes of data to exploit price differentials. In good times, that should make markets more liquid and efficient.
这种情况需要改变。理论上讲，数字金融可以带来巨大收益。正如总部位于巴塞尔的金融稳定委员会(Financial Stability Board)上月在一份报告中指出的，计算机交易的速度比人类更快、准确性更高，可以分析更庞大数据，以利用价差获益。在经济繁荣时期，这应该会令金融市场更具流动性、更高效。
But, as with self-driving cars, there is a catch: technology is moving faster than politicians (or voters) understand, and outstripping the legal and regulatory frameworks. Nobody yet knows how to assign liability if a self-learning financial program goes haywire. “How are we supposed to think about intent?” asks Yesha Yadav, a law professor at Vanderbilt University.
但正如自动驾驶汽车一样，这里面存在一个隐患：技术进步的速度超过了政客（或选民）理解的速度，而且超越了法律和监管框架。如果一个自主学习的金融程序失控，没有人知道该如何确定责任。“我们该如何思考其背后的目的？”范德比尔特大学(Vanderbilt University)法学教授耶莎?亚达夫(Yesha Yadav)问道。
There are gaps in software laws. In the US, it is generally presumed that manufacturers have legal liability for product flaws. But as Washington’s Office of Financial Research has noted, “software developers are not generally subject to US product liability requirements”.
软件方面的法律也存在漏洞。在美国，一般认为，制造商应对产品缺陷负法律责任。但正如美国政府下属的金融研究办公室(Office of Financial Research)指出的，“软件开发者通常不受美国产品责任要求的约束”。
Another problem is regulatory fragmentation: although digital finance straddles geographical borders and asset classes, regulators do not. That creates a high risk that issues fall between the cracks. In turn, this fuels another issue: the technology is so fast-moving and opaque, that regulators find it hard to assess the cumulative impact or risks of contagion.
另一个问题是监管碎片化：数字金融可以跨越地理边界和资产类别，但监管机构却做不到。这就产生了一个很大的风险，即问题可能被忽略。这反过来又引发了另一个问题：技术进步如此之快且不透明，监管机构将发现很难评估问题蔓延的累积影响或风险。
This is worrying. In recent years we have already seen some mysterious flash crashes, or sudden wild price swings, erupt in equity, bond, commodity and currency markets, apparently sparked by automated trading. This has not caused lasting damage, since these events were temporary and exchanges introduced measures to offset them in future. But nobody quite knows why these flash crashes keep occurring; and regulators admit that the arrival of AI will make it even harder to determine what is happening.
这令人担忧。近年来，在股票、债券、大宗商品和外汇市场，我们已经目睹了一些显然是由自动交易引发的离奇闪电崩盘或者突然的大幅价格波动。这些并未造成持久破坏，因为这些波动很短暂，而交易所也出台了未来防范措施。但没人确切知道为什么此类闪电崩盘不断出现；监管机构承认，人工智能的到来将使得确定究竟发生了什么更加困难。
“Applications of AI and machine learning could result in new and unexpected forms of interconnectedness,” the FSB notes, adding that the “lack of interpretability or ‘auditability’ of AI and machine learning methods could become a macro-level risk”.
“人工智能和机器学习的应用可能带来新的、让人意想不到的联通形式，”金融稳定委员会指出，并表示“人工智能和机器学方法缺乏可解释性或‘可审核性’可能会变成一种宏观层面的风险”。
Digital evangelists will retort that since the arrival of the telegram, new technology has posed challenges for regulators; they also insist that the benefits of innovation more than offset the risks. Hopefully so. But the key point is this: just as we are scrutinising self-driving cars, we need to have a public debate about the computing revolution in finance. If the crazy antics of cryptocurrencies spur this, then bitcoin will have performed a public service.
数字技术倡导者会反驳称，自从电报问世以来，新技术就给监管者带来了挑战；他们还坚信，创新的好处要大于风险。希望如此。但关键在于：正如我们仔细审视自主驾驶汽车一样，我们需要对金融领域的计算革命展开一场公开辩论。如果加密货币带来的狂热能够引发这场辩论，那么，比特币也算提供了一项公共服务。
In the final days of his presidency Barack Obama opened a trade case against China that was meant as a capstone to his administration’s economic battles with Beijing.
在其总统任期的最后几天，巴拉克?奥巴马(Barack Obama)对中国提起一宗贸易诉讼，意在把该案当作他领导的行政当局对华经济战的收官之作。
The litigation brought at the World Trade Organization was nominally against illegal subsidies Beijing used to help its aluminium industry, however US officials who had spent more than year working on it saw it as something bigger. They were launching a guided missile at the financial infrastructure of China’s state-directed economy.
向世界贸易组织(WTO)提起的这一诉讼，名义上是反对北京方面为国内铝行业提供非法补贴，然而为此耗费了一年多精力的美国官员们认为该案具有更大意义。他们在向中国国有经济的金融基础设施发射一枚“导弹”。
Announcing the case, Mr Obama pointed to the low-interest state bank loans, cheap electricity and other government subsidies that China had used to fuel a “global glut” in aluminium and steel. All were illegal, he argued, and all were causing pain for China’s competitors internationally.
奥巴马在宣布提起诉讼时指出，中国低利率的国有银行贷款、廉价的电力及其他政府补贴，加剧了铝和钢铁行业的“全球产能过剩”。他称，这些补贴都是非法的，都在给中国的国际竞争对手们造成痛苦。
“We’re taking action to protect the workers — at home and around the world — who are hurt every day by these policies,” Mr Obama declared.
奥巴马宣告：“我们正在采取行动保护美国乃至全球各地的工人们，他们每天都受到这些政策的伤害。”
The move was intended to both make a statement and hand over a systemic case that Mr Obama’s successor, Donald Trump, could take up as he entered the White House promising his own economic war against China. The Obama administration went even further, seeking the help of allies in places like Brussels where officials to this day are still considering bringing a similar case.
此举一方面是要作出一个宣示，另一方面也是要移交一宗系统性的诉讼案，让奥巴马的继任者唐纳德?特朗普(Donald Trump)接手一个现成的案子；特朗普正是借助同中国打一场经济战的承诺问鼎白宫的。奥巴马政府为了做得更加到位，还到布鲁塞尔等地寻求盟友们的帮助，欧盟官员们至今仍在考虑提起一个类似的案子。
Almost a year on, however, the aluminium case brought by the Obama administration lays dormant, just one victim of the dramatic change in US trade policy that Mr Trump has orchestrated.
然而近一年后的今天，这起由奥巴马政府提出的诉讼毫无进展，沦为特朗普导演的美国贸易政策戏剧性变化的牺牲品之一。
Armed with his instinctual suspicion of multilateral institutions, Mr Trump has turned the WTO from what his predecessors saw as a strategic tool into a strategic target. The lack of interest in the aluminium case strikes to the heart of the administration’s trade agenda: rather than trying to use the WTO and its processes to pursue US objectives, Mr Trump has expressed a clear preference for unilateral action and going around international institutions.
奥巴马将WTO当作战略工具，而在多边机构生性多疑的特朗普眼中，WTO成了战略目标。对铝业诉讼不感兴趣揭示了特朗普政府贸易议程的核心：特朗普不打算利用WTO及其程序来实现美国的目标，而是明确倾向于采取单边行动，并绕过国际机构。
“Simply put, we have not been treated fairly by the World Trade Organization,” Mr Trump told fellow Pacific Rim leaders in Vietnam last month, pointing to countries like China that for too long had been gaming the WTO system. “We can no longer tolerate these chronic trade abuses, and we will not tolerate them.”
上月在越南举行的APEC峰会上，特朗普告诉与会的环太平洋国家领导人：“简言之，我们没有得到世界贸易组织的公平对待，”他指出像中国这样的国家长期占WTO制度的便宜。“我们不能再容忍这些长期存在的贸易滥用，我们也不会再容忍这类行为。”
The result is that as trade ministers from the WTO’s 164 members gather in Buenos Aires on Sunday for their biennial conclave, they are confronting what many see as an accelerating existential crisis for both the two decades-old body and for the postwar trading system. And the US, the one-time guarantor of that architecture, is now leading the assault.
其结果是，在WTO 164个成员国的贸易部长周日在布宜诺斯艾利斯召开两年一次的会议时，他们面临着一场在很多人看来正在加速的生死攸关的危机——对已有20多年历史的WTO如此，对战后形成的贸易体系亦如此。而一度是该体系保证者的美国，正带头对其展开攻击。
Mr Trump’s charges against the WTO hinge on his belief that the creation of the institution in the 1990s helped cause the economic heartache that hit many American communities as they lost jobs to new competitors in China and elsewhere.
特朗普对WTO的攻击缘于他的这样一个信念，即上世纪90年代WTO的创立在一定程度上造成了重创美国许多社区的经济痛苦，它们的就业机会流向中国等新兴的竞争对手。
Administration officials argue the WTO has failed in its mandate to negotiate new rules for the global economy and locked the US into mismatched tariffs. Its current procedures were never designed to cope with the brand of state capitalism that China has ridden to success for three decades, they say.
特朗普政府的官员们称，WTO未能为全球经济谈判达成新的规则，并将美国锁定于不合理的关税。他们表示，WTO当前的程序根本不是为了对付中国30年来赖以成功的那种国家资本主义而设计的。
Advocates of the WTO may proclaim its dispute settlement process as a barrier to trade wars, but US officials argue the disputes take too long and end up in the hands of an appellate body that they accuse of encroaching on the sovereignty of WTO members.
WTO的倡导者或许会宣称，其争端解决过程有助于阻止贸易战，但美国官员辩称，这些争端拖得太久，而且最终落入一个被他们指责侵犯WTO成员国主权的上诉机构手中。
In a 2010 paper, written when he was a leading trade lawyer in Washington, Robert Lighthizer, Mr Trump’s trade tsar, argued that the US should thumb its nose at the WTO more often. And for all intents and purposes that is what he the Trump administration appears to be setting out to do.
特朗普手下的美国贸易代表罗伯特?莱特希泽(Robert Lighthizer)在2010年（当时他是华盛顿一位知名贸易律师）撰写的一篇论文中辩称，美国应该更加经常地对WTO嗤之以鼻。而从所有意图和目的来看，这似乎正是特朗普政府在做的事情。
“I believe that there is one challenge on the current scene that is substantially more difficult than those faced in the past, and that is China,” Mr Lighthizer told a Washington audience earlier this year, calling its efforts to force technology transfer, and to “distort” markets in China “a threat to the world trading system that is unprecedented”.
“我认为，当前有一项挑战比我们以往面对的那些挑战要困难得多，那就是中国，”莱特希泽今年早些时候在华盛顿发表演讲时表示。他指责中国强迫技术转让及“扭曲”国内市场的行为是“对世界贸易体系前所未有的威胁”。
“Unfortunately, the World Trade Organization is not equipped to deal with this problem,” he added. “We must find new ways to ensure that a market-based economy prevails.”
“遗憾的是，WTO没有能力应对这一问题，”他补充道，“我们必须找到新方式，确保以市场为基础的经济占上风。”
The Trump administration’s assault on the WTO so far has had a passive-aggressive quality.
特朗普政府对WTO的攻击迄今表现出被动攻击型的特质。
Diplomats in Geneva say that since Mr Trump’s election the US has been playing a back-seat role in most WTO negotiations. “The US has been absent for 12 months now,” says one senior trade diplomat. “They are not at all in the game.”
常驻日内瓦的外交官们表示，自特朗普当选以来，美国在多数WTO谈判中一直扮演后座角色。“美国已经缺席12个月了，”一位资深贸易外交官表示，“他们根本就不参与。”
Ahead of previous WTO gatherings, the US has played a leading role in driving the negotiating agenda. This time around officials from other countries working on possible deals, on issues like eliminating illegal fishing subsidies around the world, say they just hope the US does not block any action.
过去在召开WTO会议之前，美国在推动谈判议程方面一直发挥引领作用。而现在，致力于达成协议（比如在世界各地取缔非法捕捞补贴等问题上）的其他国家官员表示，他们只是希望美国不要阻挠任何行动。
Yet the US has also taken more direct aim at the WTO’s dispute function and started acting on its complaints about the appeals process.
然而，美国也更直接地瞄准了WTO的争端解决职能，并开始针对其对WTO上诉程序的不满采取行动。
For months now it has blocked the filling of vacancies on the WTOs seven-member appellate body for technical reasons that some officials in Geneva believe mask a more sinister agenda to bring down the WTO’s dispute system altogether and remove it as a restraint on the sort of unilateral trade action — whether in the form of tariffs or other measures — that Mr Trump would like to take.
几个月以来，美国以技术原因为由，阻止为WTO的七人上诉机构填补空缺；日内瓦的一些官员认为，这其中隐藏着一项用心更险恶的议程，那就是要搞垮WTO的争端解决机制，消除对于特朗普希望采取的那类单边贸易行动（无论是开征关税还是其他措施）的制约。
Trump administration officials argue their fight over the appellate body is built on longstanding US complaints and point to the Obama administration’s own moves to block the appointment of judges.
特朗普政府的官员辩称，围绕该上诉机构的斗争源于美国长期以来的不满，并指出奥巴马政府也有过阻止法官任命的举措。
Michael Froman, Mr Obama’s top trade official, disputes that. “Our beef with the appellate body was that certain members were way too creative in creating law. It wasn’t about blowing up the binding dispute settlement itself,” he says.
奥巴马政府时期的最高贸易官员迈克尔?弗罗曼(Michael Froman)对此不以为然。“我们对该上诉机构的不满是，某些成员在制定法律方面实在过于有创意了。那不是为了推翻有约束力的争端解决机制本身，”他说。
Officials from other countries, moreover, express frustration with the new administration in Washington, saying it has yet to make clear what it wants to see happen at the WTO.
此外，其他国家的官员表达了对美国新一届行政当局的失望，称其并未明确表示希望WTO如何转变。
“Everyone is willing to work on reforming the system. But we need to know what it is going to mean,” says Cecilia Malmstr?m, the EU trade commissioner. “If we didn’t have [the WTO’s dispute system] it would be the total Wild West. And that would not benefit the US.”
“大家都愿意致力于改革这一机制。但我们需要知道这意味着什么，”欧盟贸易专员塞西莉亚?马姆斯特罗姆(Cecilia Malmstr?m)说，“如果我们没有（WTO的争端解决机制），那么整个格局将会变成‘狂野西部’。而那对美国不会有好处。”
One of the ironies of the Trump administration’s approach is that the US is far from alone in seeing flaws in the WTO.
特朗普政府的做法的一个讽刺之处在于，并不是只有美国才看到了WTO的缺陷。
Some officials in Geneva have begun referring to the UN-ification of the WTO, pointing to the blocking role small countries and cliques can take because of its consensus-driven decision-making structure. Others now talk about the WTO as a place where only lowest-common-denominator trade deals will ever get done with harder, more ambitious discussions taking place in regional or sectoral trade agreements.
日内瓦的一些官员已经开始提及WTO的“联合国化”——因其共识驱动的决策结构，小国和小集团可以扮演挡道的角色。还有人认为，WTO已成为一个只有“最小公分母式”贸易协定才能通过的地方，而更难、更具雄心的谈判只能在地区或行业贸易协议中进行。
The bigger irony is that many countries are eager to find reasons to co-operate with the US — especially when it comes to the perceived threat from China’s economic model.
具有更大讽刺意味的是，许多国家急于寻找跟美国合作的理由——尤其是在涉及到它们眼里来自中国经济模式的威胁时。
In resisting China’s bid to be accorded market economy status in the WTO, Washington now has allies in the EU and countries such as Japan, Canada and Mexico. The label is important for Beijing both as a symbol and to help it fight off anti-dumping cases brought against its cheap exports.
如今，在抵制中国在WTO内获得市场经济地位的问题上，美国有了欧盟以及日本、加拿大和墨西哥等国家作为盟友。这个标签对中国而言很重要，它既是一种象征，也能帮助中国打赢那些针对其廉价出口产品提起的反倾销案。
When the EU and the US refused to grant its wish in 2016, Beijing launched WTO cases against both. A decision in the EU case is now expected early in 2019, with China’s lawyers having decided to prioritise that. Mr Lighthizer, meanwhile, has warned any finding in China’s favour would be “cataclysmic” for the WTO.
2016年，当欧盟和美国拒绝满足中国愿望时，中国在WTO框架内对两者提起了诉讼。对欧盟的诉讼预计将在2019年初给出裁决，这是因为中国的律师决定优先处理该案。另一方面，莱特希泽警告称，任何支持中国的裁决对WTO而言都将是“灾难性的”。
Officials from the EU and Japan are also seeking to convince the US that there are other areas where they could find common cause against China in the WTO. Among them is a US investigation into Chinese intellectual property practices and rules requiring companies to transfer key technologies.
欧盟和日本官员也在努力让美国相信，在WTO内的其他领域，它们也可以找到反对中国的共同理由。比如，美国对中国知识产权做法和要求企业转让关键技术的规则发起了一项调查。
EU officials argue European companies have the same complaints and that all would be best served by joint action at the WTO, rather than a US move to take on China unilaterally and potentially provoke a trade war.
欧盟官员辩称，欧洲企业也有同样的投诉，最符合各方利益的做法是在WTO采取联合行动，而不是由美国对中国采取单边行动，潜在触发一场贸易战。
Roberto Azevêdo, the former Brazilian diplomat who serves as the WTO’s director-general, argues that if the US or other countries embarked on such a unilateral path they would risk repeating dangerous moments in economic history.
WTO总干事、巴西前外交官罗伯特?阿泽维多(Roberto Azevêdo)辩称，如果美国或其他国家走上这样一条单边行动的道路，它们将可能重复经济史上的危险时刻。
“The multilateral trading system is stronger than it was before and, frankly, more needed than ever. And while we can certainly try to improve it, I have yet to hear any credible alternative to that particular system,” Mr Azevêdo said in a speech earlier this year. “Without it, I think we would be in a world definitely ruled by unilateral actions, which is basically a euphemism for trade wars. And I think we all would be, without exception, worse off than we are now.”
“多边贸易体系比它在以往更加强大，坦率讲，也比以往任何时候都有必要。尽管我们当然可以尝试改进它，但我还没听到过任何可信方案能替代该体系，”阿泽维多在今年早些时候的一次发言中说，“我认为，要是没有它，我们将处于一个肯定被单边行动统治的世界——这基本上是贸易战的委婉说法。我认为，各国毫无例外都将面临比目前更糟糕的境遇。”
Trump administration officials put a different spin on that. They argue that they are taking the US on a path of more efficient and hard-nosed unilateralism.
特朗普政府的官员对此给出了不同的诠释。他们辩称，他们正把美国带上一条更加高效率、更加不讲情面的单边主义道路上。
Rather than push issues like Mr Obama’s WTO aluminium case — which even if pursued aggressively would take years to litigate — the Trump administration is employing domestic statutes that are intended to deliver results within months.
特朗普政府没有推进奥巴马的WTO铝补贴案——即便全力投入，诉讼程序也将花好多年——而是动用了国内法律，以便在几个月就能见到效果。
The Commerce Department in the spring launched national security investigations into imports of aluminium and steel that could yield a decision on tariffs in the weeks to come. Last month it “self-initiated” an anti-dumping case against Chinese aluminium sheeting used in things such as home gutters — the first time it has done this since 1985.
今年春季，美国商务部以国家安全为由，对进口的铝和钢铁发起了调查，可能在未来几周就要不要征收关税的问题作出裁决。上月，商务部“自主启动了”一项针对中国铝板（用于住宅排水沟等）的反倾销案——这是该部自1985年以来第一次这么做。
Some trade veterans do still see reason for hope. “I’m still optimistic long-term about the WTO. A crisis and a near-death experience could make people look at it in a new way,” says John Weekes, a former Canadian ambassador to the WTO.
有些贸易老手仍看到保持希望的理由。“从长期看，我仍对WTO感到乐观。一场危机和濒临死亡体验可能让人们以一种新角度看待它，”前加拿大驻WTO大使约翰?威克斯(John Weekes)说。
Others have started to contemplate a WTO without the US. Should the Trump administration pull out altogether, the first move by other trade powers like China and the EU would probably be to push on without Washington.
其他人开始考虑一个没有美国参加的WTO。如果特朗普政府彻底退出，中国和欧盟等其他贸易大国很可能在没有美国的情况下向前推进。
Even within the WTO there are already signs of change. While neither China nor the EU has fully replaced the US as a dominant power in the WTO’s Geneva negotiating rooms, diplomats say other countries have begun to play a more assertive role. And they argue that, long term, other WTO members would find a way forward.
即便WTO内部也已经出现了变革迹象。尽管无论中国还是欧盟都无法在WTO的日内瓦谈判室完全取代美国的主导强国地位，但外交官们表示，其他国家已开始扮演更为强势的角色。他们辩称，从长期看，WTO其他成员国将找到一条出路。
“If the US leaves that will be a colossal blow. But let us also keep in mind that the US [as a destination] right now accounts for just 14 per cent of global exports. Yes, it will be a terrible loss. But I don’t think it will be the end,” says one senior official in Geneva.
“如果美国离开，那将是一次重大打击。但我们要记住，美国（作为一个目的地）目前仅占全球出口总量的14%。没错，那将是一个可怕的损失，但我不认为那将是末日，”日内瓦的一名资深官员说。
Mr Lighthizer has also provided his own reasons for optimism, other officials say. In private discussions, they say, he has sought to reassure Mr Azevêdo and others about the US’s current intentions.
其他官员表示，就连莱特希泽也提供了让人乐观的理由。他们说，在私下讨论中，他寻求让阿泽维多和其他人对美国当前的意图放心。
“If the WTO didn’t exist, we would have to invent it,” he told them.
“如果WTO不存在，那么我们将不得不发明它，”他告诉他们。
As the calendar flips to 2018, here are New Year's resolutions for three NBA stars that could propel their teams to even greater heights:
当日历翻到2018年，以下是三名NBA球星想要推动他们的队伍达到更高高度的新年愿望:
James Harden — Rockets
詹姆斯-哈登 — 火箭队
2018 resolution: More movement off the ball
2018愿望：更多的无球跑动
The Rockets, having the luxury of featuring two premier penetrating playmakers, don't set many off-ball screens for anyone. They actually rank dead last in the league in that category, according to ESPN Stats & Information. Houston has set only 40 off-ball screens for Harden all season — that's less than half of even Russell Westbrook, another elite ball handler who tends to be a spectator when he doesn't have the rock.
火箭队有着奢侈的两名可以传出穿透性传球的顶级组织者，不用为任何人设置许多的无球掩护。事实上，根据ESPN的统计信息，他们这项数据上在联盟垫底。休斯顿这赛季只为哈登设计了40次无球掩护——这比拉塞尔威斯布鲁克的一半还少，其他精英的控球没有掩护的时候往往会成为一个旁观者。
Kyrie Irving — Celtics
凯瑞 欧文 — 凯尔特人
2018 resolution: Consistency on defense
2018愿望：防守的一致性
The Celtics have played their best basketball when they are defensively engaged, and Irving has repeatedly noted how much easier the game comes when Boston is not taking the ball out of the basket each trip down. Irving must set the tone, defensively, with his effort level, and his defensive-minded teammates will feed off that energy.
在专注于防守的时候，凯尔特人打出了他们最好的篮球，欧文也反复强调当波士顿每个回合不让对手打到篮下的时候，比赛会变得多么的容易。欧文必须以他的努力水平来设定防守基调，他的防守队友将会消耗掉能量。
Kristaps Porzingis — Knicks
克里斯塔普斯-波尔津吉斯 — 尼克斯
2018 resolution: Improved passing
2018年愿望：提高传球
One adjustment the Knicks would like to see Porzingis make in 2018? Dealing with — and passing out of — double-teams. Porzingis has seen an extra defender frequently this season and he's admittedly still getting used to how best to handle it.
尼克斯希望看到波尔津吉斯在2018年做出的调整？处理球—面对包夹传出球。这个赛季波尔津吉斯经常面对额外的防守球员，他不得不承认，仍然在习惯如何最好地处理这一问题。
"Teams are obviously trying to make it as difficult as they can for me — trying to force the shots I don't want. So it's always a battle." he said.
“很明显，对手正试图尽可能的给我制造困难——试图迫使我以不喜欢的方式得分。所以这永远一场战斗。”他说。
更多精彩内容请关注微信公众号、新浪微博：篮球英文堂
The tech sector is booming, and we're experiencing game-changing innovations, like self-driving cars and virtual reality, firsthand.
科技日新月异，我们见证着许多革命性的技术创新，比如无人驾驶汽车，虚拟现实等等就是近在咫尺的例子。
Of course many of these developments are still in their nascence, which means the time is ripe for aspiring techies to get in on the ground floor and steer these discoveries in the right direction.
当然这些新技术中许多还在起步阶段，这意味着这些新兴技术开始勃发的时机已经成熟，人们应该引导它们进入正确的轨道。
To get you started, here are five of the most important new technologies out there and how you can explore them:
作为入门介绍，如下是五种已出现的最重要的新技术，以及你学习探索它们的方法：
1. Virtual Reality
虚拟现实
Virtual Reality, or VR, has been around since as early as the 1960s, but it's only recently become a major powerhouse in the tech sector as more companies explore its potential for futuristic entertainment.
虚拟现实，或简称VR,早在20世纪60年代就已经问世了，但知道最近它才成为科技领域的一股大潮流，原因是越来越多的公司尝试在未来娱乐业中发挥它的潜力。
In fact, with Facebook buying Oculus (the creators of the Oculus Rift headset) for more than US$2 billion, it's clear that industry leaders see major potential in VR.
脸书网以超过20亿美元的巨资买下了Oculus公司（发明Oculus Rift头盔的公司），由此看来，行业巨头们实际上都对虚拟现实技术非常看好。
2. Machine Learning
机器学习
Machine learning is the study of pattern recognition and prediction within the field of computer science, and it's chiefly responsible for the strides made with self-driving cars and speech-recognition technology, like Siri.
机器学习是计算机科学的一个分支，即研究模式识别与模式预测。它主要负责无人驾驶汽车的道路建设，以及Siri这样的语音识别技术。
So, it should come as no surprise that machine learning experts are in high demand. Pick up the Complete Machine Learning Bundle, and you can get one step closer to a nearly six-figure salary by mastering the tools these professionals use to build tomorrow's AI innovations.
所以，并不令人感到意外的是，机器学习专家非常抢手。学习了相关知识，你就能操纵起那些专家们创造明日科技所使用的工具，也就能离将近六位数的薪水更近一步了。
3. Ethical Hacking
道德黑客
Everyone is at risk of getting hacked online, but companies are getting hit particularly hard by malicious cybercriminals, which is why many are taking their security into their own hands and offering big paydays for those who can keep their products secure.
人人都面临着被网络黑客袭击的危险，但大公司受这些邪恶的网络罪犯之苦尤为惨烈。这就是为什么许多公司愿意花大价钱保证自己的产品安全，将安保工作掌握在自己手中。
In fact, Facebook has paid out more than US$5 million to ethical hackers who have uncovered and reported vulnerabilities in its site before they can be exploited.
事实上，脸书网已经花费超过500万美金聘请道德黑客，后者则为它找到了网站上的薄弱环节，并趁其尚未被利用时汇报给了老板。
4. Blockchain Technology
区块链技术
Most commonly associated with Bitcoin, blockchain technology allows developers to create decentralised apps that boast unrivaled security and transparency on the web - which makes it great for cyrptocurrencies like Bitcoin.
区块链技术主要和比克币相关，它让应用开发人员能够开发出具有无与伦比的安全性和网页透明度的去中心化应用——对比克币这样的加密货币非常有用。
5. Internet of Things
物联网
In layman's terms, the Internet of Things is the idea of essentially connecting any device with an on/off switch that's linked to the internet, which can give way to pretty neat innovations, like an alarm clock that tells your coffee machine to start brewing coffee when it wakes you up in the morning.
用通俗的话来说，物联网的理念即通过网络让任何电器——一切有开/关键的东西——相互连接。这让许多巧妙的造物成为可能，例如一只闹钟可以告诉你的咖啡机，它叫你起床的时间到了，该煮咖啡了。
The Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards have announced the finalists for 2018.
2018年角逐最风趣野生动物摄影奖的终选名单已经宣布啦！
Anyone can enter the competition with their funny pictures, and Tom says that the wildlife photographers are a mix of around 30% professional and 70% amateur , which makes for a broader variety of animals photographed. The message that the organizers want to promote is one of wildlife conservation. “Our strong belief here at Comedy Wildlife Photography Awards is that the smallest thing can help conservation,” Tom explained.
只要拍出了风趣的照片，任何人都可以参与这个奖项的竞选。据这一奖项的发起人Tom称，拍摄野生动物的摄影师属于动物摄影师这一类别， 其中有30%的专业摄影师和70%的业余摄影师。这一奖项的筹办者想要宣扬的理念是动物保护。“围绕着最风趣野生动物摄影奖，我们有一个坚定的信念，那就是，最微小的举动，也能为动物保护的事业添砖加瓦。”Tom解释说。
“In 20 years some researchers estimate that elephants may well be gone from East Africa. Lions would be the next to follow. It is pretty grim reading, so ultimately we think the smallest snowflake could help turn into the biggest snowball. We just need to create lots of snowflakes!”
“有专家称，预计在未来20年内，东非地区的大象将会绝迹。随后狮子也会消失。这样的消息已经给我们敲响了警钟。最终我们决定，星星之火，可以燎原，只要每个人出一份力，就能变成一股强劲的助力，让严峻的情势得以扭转！我们需要人人都来发光发热！”
So scroll down below to have a few belly laughs at the cheeky animals, get voting! Or maybe you'll get inspired in photographing wildlife yourself!
往下翻，看看这些涎皮的动物，他们一定会让你捧腹大笑。为他们投票吧！
1 Wildlife Photograbear
野生动物摄影熊师
What I find funnier is absence of anyone remotely human! Like, he can have them cameras.
我觉得更搞笑的是，周围一个人影都没有！它当然理直气壮的操控摄像机。
2 Caught In The Act
当场逮住
"Wooah there, everybody just calm down!"
“噢天呐，冷静！大家冷静！”
3. Happy
开怀一刻
"And then the hooman said: please don't eat me"
“……然后那个人类说，求求你别吃我！”
4. Rhinopeacock
犀孔雀
He got a beautiful tutu
他的小裙裙真好看
5. Split
劈叉
Jean-Claude van Squirrel
松鼠动作巨星
6. Mother Returned From Her Parents Meeting From School
妈妈开完家长会回来了
Did you know that bears give birth during their hibernation and the cubs then just suckle on her during her sleep?
你们知道吗，熊宝宝一般是在妈妈冬眠的时候出生的，熊宝宝出生后会自己乖乖吃奶，妈妈可以继续睡觉！
7.Have A Headache
脑壳疼
"honey, just don't..."
“别这样，宝贝！”
8. The Black Skimmer Gang
黑剪嘴鸥帮
I wonder when their album drops.
他们什么时候会出写真集？
9. Hot Kiss
热吻
That's an amazing photo! Love the different fin shapes.
多美妙的相片！他们的背鳍形状不一样！
10. Drive Safe
安全出行！
The bear can read and is stopping for a bus?
这只熊会读标志，守在路边等着巴士？
11. Peek A Boo
躲猫猫
Can an owl get some privacy while going potty?
本猫头鹰正在嗯嗯，就不能尊重一下我的隐私吗？
12. Crouching Tiger Peeking Moose
藏起来偷瞄
Aw! The moose's face is so adorable.
噢！那只麋鹿看起来好可爱！
13. Yoga Bear
北极熊
Downward dog? sideward panda.
下犬式！侧熊式！一起来练瑜伽吧！
14. Cheeky
做鬼脸
Derp!
略略略~
15. The People Are Back
人类又回来了（烦~）
Someone was raised by ostriches .
某熊难道是鸵鸟养大的？
16 Bullies
抢劫！
"Please don't take my fish, guys! I have a wife and three pups!"
求你们别抢我的鱼，我妻子还等着我回家呢，我还有三个孩子！
17 This Is Sparta
穿越到了斯巴达
When the kids don't want to go to bed for nap..
又名，当孩子们拒绝午睡的时候……
18 Tango
探戈舞
The bears are staring at each other like: "honey, I dont think the hoomans should be seeing us dancing"
两只熊默默看着对方，心里在说，“亲爱的，我们这儿跳舞呢，别让人类这样盯着我们。”
19.Astonished Lemur
受惊的狐猴
*in a posh accent* "Oh, how dare you!"
（倒吸一口冷气）你居然敢……
20. Flying Hyena
挥着翅膀的土狼
"It's behind me, right!!!"
“它就在我背后，对不对？！”
It has been over 15 years since the original Super Troopers was released. The boys from Broken Lizard are bringing it back in 2018. While the box office numbers and critical reviews were not especially exceptional, the film developed a cult-like following and became much more popular well after its release.
距离《超级骑警》原作上映已经过去了15年。2018年喜剧组合Broken Lizard的成员将带着续集回归大荧幕。尽管《超级骑警》在当年播出时，票房和口碑都平淡无奇，但是这部电影却发展出了一众狂热的粉丝，使得这部电影在上映多年之后反而更火了。
After years of clamoring for a sequel, the fans are finally getting one. In fact, some of them paid even helped pay for it. The cast announced they received studio permission to make the film, but not the funding. They started a crowdfunding campaign in an effort to raise $2 million towards production costs. They ended up raising $4.4 million, showing just how desired this sequel actually is. Hopefully this film will perform much better at the box office than the first, so that we can finally get that Super Troopers trilogy film.
多年来，粉丝们一直强烈要求拍续集，现在他们终于得偿所愿了。事实上，有些粉丝还出资赞助了这部新电影。电影主创人员宣布，他们得到了电影公司的允许，可以拍摄续集，但是却没有资金。于是他们启动了一项众筹活动，以筹集到200万美元的制片费用。最后他们筹集到了440万美元，这足以说明粉丝们是多么盼望这部续集。希望这部电影的票房成绩比第一部要好，这样最后我们才能拍个《超级骑警》三部曲。
This film will be coming out in March 2018 and is a bit of an oddity on this list, since it’s a stop-motion animated adventure film about… dogs. It is directed by the very talented Wes Anderson (The Royal Tenenbaums, The Grand Budapest Hotel) and features an ensemble voice cast featuring some of the best actors in the world — Bryan Cranston, Edward Norton, Bill Murray, Jeff Goldblum, Liev Schreiber, Scarlett Johansson and more.
这部将在2018年3月上映的电影在这个榜单上显得有点突兀，因为这是一部有关……狗的单格拍制动画探险电影。该电影由才华横溢的韦斯安德森执导，配音阵容集结了世界上最好的一些演员——布莱恩克兰斯顿、爱德华诺顿、比尔默瑞、杰夫高布伦、列维施瑞博尔、斯嘉丽约翰逊等等。韦斯安德森曾导演过《特南鲍姆一家》和《布达佩斯大饭店》等电影。
The film is about a dystopian future Japan where “canine flu” has led to all dogs being quarantined on an island. They are unhappy with this turn of events, but as a young boy comes to the island to find his own lost dog, the team of dogs must protect him from authorities who try and take him away. This movie has the potential to be one of the best and most interesting of the year. And with so many sequels and spin-offs coming out this year, it is nice to have an original film get some hype and attention.
这部电影讲述的是一个发生在未来的日本的反乌托邦故事，“犬流感”的盛行导致所有的狗被圈禁在一个岛屿上。事情发展成这样，狗狗们都很伤心，这时候一个小男孩到岛上来寻找他丢失的狗狗，于是这群狗要保护小男孩不被当局带走。这部电影可能将成为本年度最杰出最有趣的电影。在续集扎堆的2018年，能有一部原创电影受到宣传和关注也挺不错的。
In 2015, the much-anticipated Jurassic World was finally released — the franchise’s first sequel since 2001. This film was over a decade in the making and fans lined up like crazy to see it. In fact, the film went on to gross well over $1.6 billion at the box office, making it one of the most financially successful films of all-time.
2015年，备受期待的《侏罗纪世界》终于上映了，这是侏罗纪系列自2001年以来的第一部续集。这部电影的制作耗时十多年，疯狂的粉丝们在影院门口排起了大长队。事实上，这部电影票房总收入超16亿美元，成为了有史以来吸金力最强的电影之一。
With numbers like that, another sequel was quickly written and put into production. Given the subtitle Fallen Kingdom, the next installment of everyone’s favorite dinosaur adventure is coming out in June 2018 and fans are ecstatic. Much of the cast is returning, including Chris Pratt, Bryce Dallas Howard, B.D. Wong, and Jeff Goldblum. Plot details are kind of scarce, but it’s certainly going to deal with the fallout from the events of Jurassic World where — surprise! — dinosaurs got loose and ate people (shocking, we know). While it will be hard for this sequel to match the hype and box office numbers of the film released in 2015, look for it to still be a major hit and make hundreds of millions of dollars.
在巨额票房的驱动下，另一部续集很快便写好了剧本并投入制作。这个广受喜爱的恐龙探险电影系列的下一部续集《失落王国》将于2018年6月上映，粉丝们都欣喜万分。多数主创人员都会回归，包括克里斯帕拉特、布莱丝达拉斯霍华德、黄荣亮和杰夫高布伦。目前透露的影片细节很少，但肯定和侏罗纪世界里发生的事件余波有关——意外的事情发生了——恐龙们跑出来吃人了！（很吓人，我们知道）。尽管这部续集将难以和2015年那部电影的阵势和票房相匹敌，但是这肯定将是一部热门大片，而且依然会捞金数亿。
While it wasn’t a direct sequel to the original Harry Potter franchise, the 2016 prequel (kind of) Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them is set in the same wizarding world conjured in the mind of author J.K. Rowling. This gave it a sense of familiarity for Potter fans, and it helped the film be an immediate success. It made over $800 million at the box office and was nominated for (and won) a number of different awards.
尽管2016年电影《神奇动物在哪里》不是《哈利波特》系列原作的延伸，但是这部前传的故事发生在JK罗琳所创造的同一个魔法世界。这会让哈利波特的粉丝们有一种似曾相识的感觉，也帮助该片迅速取得了成功。这部电影票房狂收8亿美元，并获得了多个奖项或提名。
In addition to making a pretty penny, the film was actually pretty decent, considering none of the usual Potter characters are really in it. The unnamed sequel is set to release in late 2018 and will feature an expanded cast and is sure to be as good (if not better) than the original. Potter fanatics were thrilled to learn that Jude Law has been cast as a young Albus Dumbledore and that Johnny Depp will reprise his cameo role as Gellert Grindlewald. The setting also shifts back to the UK and Paris, instead of the United States like the original. Rowling has hinted that she has ideas for a total of five Fantastic Beasts films to fill in the Potterverse backstory, so this could be just the beginning.
除了赚得盆满钵满之外，这部电影其实赢得挺光明正大的，因为该片中没有《哈利波特》中的任何一个人物。这部名字待定的续集将于2018年底上映，演员阵容将更庞大，而且就算没有超越第一部，也绝不会比第一部差。哈利波特的粉丝们激动地发现，裘德洛将饰演年轻的阿不思邓布利多，而约翰尼德普将继续饰演盖勒特格林德沃这一配角。故事场景将切换到英国和巴黎，而不是第一部中的美国。罗琳暗示说，她已经构思出了五部《神奇动物》电影，来填补《哈利波特》的背景故事，所以这只是个开始。
Despite the best-selling book by Ernest Cline only being released in 2011, there is already a feature film rendition of Ready Player One, scheduled to come out in March 2018. This film, like the novel, takes place in a dystopian future world that is in shambles, which leads people to engage and live/work in a virtual reality world.
尽管恩斯特克莱恩的畅销书《头号玩家》2011年才出版，但是该书已然被拍成了电影，并计划在2018年3月上映。和小说一样，这部电影的故事发生在反乌托邦的残破的未来世界中，人们不得不在虚拟现实中工作和生活。
The main character of the film takes on an “Easter Egg” challenge to try and win the $240 billion fortune of the deceased owner of the virtual world. Of course, other people want to win the challenge as well. The film is directed by the masterful Steven Spielberg, so it should be a good one, since he has a great history with making great sci-fi and adventure films (E.T., Jaws, Raiders of The Lost Ark, Indiana Jones, Jurassic Park, etc.).
这部电影的主角接受了“复活节彩蛋”的挑战，试图赢得虚拟世界已故主人的2400亿美元遗产。当然，其他人也想赢得这一挑战。这部电影由斯蒂芬斯皮尔伯格大师执导，应该会是个好电影，怎么说他也拍过了那么多优秀的科幻片和探险片，有《外星人E.T.》、《大白鲨》，还有《夺宝奇兵》、《侏罗纪公园》等等。
The Marvel Cinematic Universe is about to get a bit larger, as Black Panther is scheduled to release in February 2018. Based off the comic book character of the same name, the Black Panther has already been seen in the MCU before, appearing in Captain America: Civil War. However, this will the first feature film for the mysterious hero from Wakanda.
漫威电影宇宙要进一步扩大了，因为又一部电影《黑豹》将于2018年2月上映。黑豹基于同名漫画人物，之前在漫威电影宇宙中已经露过面，出现在《美国队长3：内战》中。但是，这将是来自瓦坎达王国的这位神秘英雄作为主角的第一部电影。
Black Panther takes place after the events of Captain America: Civil War where King T’Challa returns home to his mysterious (fictional) African nation, where two enemies are trying to take down his kingdom. Like all of their major movie projects, Marvel/Disney is heavily marketing this film and it is garnering a lot of hype. And like all of their films, Black Panther is sure to succeed at the box office and be another feather in the cap of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It should also lead directly into another movie further down this list.
《黑豹》的故事发生在《美国队长3：内战》之后，特查拉国王回到了他神秘的（虚构的）非洲国度，在那里两个敌人试图颠覆他的王国。和所有大型电影项目一样，漫威和迪士尼大力推广这部电影并营造出强大声势。同样，《黑豹》也必然创下票房佳绩，并晋身为漫威电影宇宙引以为傲的又一名大员。不仅如此，这部电影的故事还将成为本年度另一部漫威电影的导火索。
When Deadpool was released in 2016, it shocked everyone — both with glowing critical reviews and a massive box office haul. The film made nearly $800 million at the box office and won a ton of awards as well (well, not Oscars, but some fun other ones). The sequel is scheduled to be released in June 2018 and is sure to be another R-rated hit.
《死侍》在2016年上映时，震惊了所有人——不仅口碑爆表而且票房大丰收。这部电影票房收入近8亿美元，而且还收获了众多奖项（没有奥斯卡，而是其他的有趣奖项）。续集定于2018年6月上映，届时必将成为又一部热门R级片。
Much of the same cast is returning (T.J. Miller and Morena Baccarin chief among them) and you can be sure it will have more of the same crude jokes and over-the-top violence that made Deadpool unlike any other superhero movies of our time. Josh Brolin has signed on to play the villainous Cable and Zazie Beetz will give the mutant character Domino her big screen debut. Negasonic Teenage Warhead and Colossus will both be back, as well. The original Deadpool benefited from a very creative and successful marketing campaign, so don’t be shocked to see another viral marketing campaign crop up sometime after New Year.
许多原班人马都将回归（包括TJ米勒和女主角莫瑞娜巴卡琳），你可以放心，续集中会有更多粗俗笑话和过火的暴力，正是这些让《死侍》不同于这个时代的其他超级英雄电影。乔什詹姆斯已经签约扮演邪恶的“电锁”，而莎奇比茨扮演的变种人多米诺将首次登上大荧幕。黑后和钢力士也会在续集中回归。《死侍》原作得益于非常有创意的成功营销，所以如果你在年后看到又一轮病毒式营销活动，不必感到太惊讶。
Despite an overwhelming number of big sequels and superhero films being released in 2018 (and every year, it seems), one upcoming original film that has piqued a lot of interest is Annihilation. It stars Natalie Portman as a biologist who puts her name forward for an expedition that will take her and a team of other individuals into an environmental disaster zone. Part of her motivation is to find her missing husband, who made a similar expedition and went missing.
尽管有这么多热门续集和超级英雄电影要在2018年上映（似乎每年都是如此），有一部原创电影却引发了不少关注，这就是《湮灭》。娜塔莉波特曼扮演的生物学家带头参加了一次探险活动，和探险队的其他成员进入了一个环境灾区。她的部分动机是找到她失踪的丈夫，她的丈夫也曾参加了一次类似的探险活动，然后就消失无踪了。
The area is cut off from the rest of civilization and other people who have visited in the past have disappeared, committed suicide, or had other unfortunate things happen to them. The film is based off of a very successful 2014 book by Jeff VanderMeer, which was awarded Best Novel award by a handful of different publications. The movie will be directed by Alex Garland, who wrote screenplays 28 Days Later and Dredd, and directed the excellent 2015 sci-fi hit Ex Machina.
这块地区和外面的文明隔绝，过去曾到访这个地方的人或者失踪了，或者自杀了，或者发生了其他不幸的事。该电影改编自2014年杰夫范德米尔所著的一部成功的小说，这本书还获得了多个出版社颁发的最佳小说奖。这部电影的导演是亚力克斯嘉兰，他曾为电影《惊变28天》和《特警判官》创作过剧本，并执导过2015年的杰出热门科幻片《机械姬》。
After waiting more than a decade for a sequel, Pixar and director Brad Bird is finally giving us The Incredibles 2. Back in 2004, the original animated film made $600+ million at the box office and won a number of impressive awards, including an Academy Award for “Best Animated Feature.” It follows a family of superheroes who are forced to hide their powers and live a normal life after a hefty lawsuit forces the government to ban all superheroes — this is, until a new villain threatens the safety of society.
在经历了超过十年的等待后，皮克斯公司和导演布拉德伯德终于给我们带来了《超人总动员》的第二部。回想2004年，这部动画电影曾带来了超过6亿美元的票房收入，并获得了多个重要奖项，包括奥斯卡最佳动画长片奖。这部电影讲述的是超人一家被迫隐藏自己的超能力，过着普通人的生活，因为一起高额诉讼案迫使政府禁止所有超级英雄出现，直到一个新的坏蛋对社会安全造成了威胁。
Most of the cast is returning (Craig T. Nelson, Holly Hunter, Samuel L. Jackson) and Brad Bird is once again writing and directing. The sequel will pick up right where the last one ended, however this film will focus more on Elastigirl going on her own adventure, while Mr. Incredible stays home to watch Jack-Jack, a baby with currently unknown super abilities. Like most Pixar films, this one should appeal to both children and adults. Plan to take your kids, younger siblings, or nieces and nephews to this one.
原电影的多数主创人员都将回归（包括格雷格T尼尔森、霍利亨特、塞缪尔杰克逊），布拉德伯德将再次担任编剧和导演。续集将紧接上一部故事的结尾，不过会将焦点更多地放在弹力女超人自己的探险之旅上，因为超能先生将在家看小杰克，一个目前还不知道拥有哪种超能力的小宝宝。和其他多数皮克斯电影一样，这部电影同样适合大人和小孩一起观看。你可以带你的孩子、年幼的弟弟妹妹、侄子侄女或小外甥去看这部电影。
The third Avengers film is set to release in 2018 and it’s a doozy. With all hype this franchise gets, it should be no surprise to see Avengers: Infinity War at the top of this list. As with every Avengers film, the cast is absolutely stacked — even more so this time — as all of your favourite Marvel superheroes will be included in this film. We’re talking Ant-Man, Black Panther, and the Guardians of the Galaxy… even Sony-owned character Spider-Man is making an appearance as everyone joins forces to confront Thanos.
第三部《复仇者联盟》电影将于2018年上映，这应该是一部非常出色的电影。这个系列营造出的巨大声势足以让《复仇者联盟》登上这一榜单的榜首。每一部《复仇者》电影的演员阵容都是星光璀璨，这一次更是如此，几乎所有你喜欢的漫威超级英雄都会在这部电影中出现。我们指的是蚁人、黑豹、银河护卫队……甚至连索尼旗下人物蜘蛛侠也会亮相，因为大家要合力打败灭霸。
That makes this cast one of the deepest and best we have seen in years, for any film. While it seems there are multiple Marvel superhero films coming out every single year, they continue to absolutely kill it at the box office. So until they start to fail, Disney will keep coming out with new ones and people will continue to watch in awe. In fact, despite the fact that this film isn’t even out yet, a “Part II” sequel has already been announced and will release one year later in May 2019.
这部电影的阵容将是多年以来所见过的最强大的，完败其他所有电影。尽管每年似乎都会出来几部漫威超级英雄电影，但是它们在票房上总是战无不胜。所以，除非这些英雄不灵了，否则迪士尼还会不断推出新的超级英雄电影，人们也会一直张大嘴巴看下去。事实上，尽管《复仇者联盟3》还未上映，作为第二部分的续集计划已经公布，并将于一年以后的2019年5月上映。
On Tuesday (Nov. 28), Andra Day revealed the Big 4 categories of 2018 Grammy nominations -- best new artist, record of the year, song of the year, and album of the year -- live on CBS This Morning, and shortly thereafter, the Recording Academy announced the nominees in all 84 categories.
星期二（11月28日），安德拉·戴在哥伦比亚广播公司今晨节目直播中透露了2018年格莱美奖四大类提名——年度最佳新人、年度最佳唱片、年度最佳歌曲和年度最佳专辑，之后没多久，美国唱片学院（格莱美主办方）就公布了84类奖项的所有候选人。
JAY-Z leads the pack with eight nominations this year, including nods for album of the year, record of the year, song of the year and best rap album.
今年JAY-Z（肖恩·科里·卡特）以8项提名领先，其中包括年度最佳专辑、年度最佳唱片、年度最佳歌曲和最佳说唱专辑。
Kendrick Lamar follows with seven nods, while Bruno Mars is the third most-nominated artist with six. SZA is 2018's most Grammy-nominated woman with five nods; Khalid, Childish Gambino and producer No I.D. also scored five noms.
紧随其后的是获得七项提名的肯德里克·拉马尔，而布鲁诺·马尔斯则以六项提名排在第三位。SZA以五项提名成为2018年获得最多格莱美奖提名的女艺人；哈利德、唐纳德·格洛沃以及制作人No I.D.也获得了5项提名。
Check out the list of the Big 4 categories of 2018 Grammy nominees. Any category with more than five nominees means there was a tie; the eligibility period for the 2018 Grammys extended from Oct. 1, 2016 to Sept. 30, 2017.
一起看一下2018年格莱美奖四大类提名的榜单吧。如果某一类奖项的候选人多于5人，这说明有并列的获奖者；2018年格莱美奖的参选期为2016年10月1日至2017年9月30日。
The Grammys will air live on CBS from Madison Square Garden in New York City on Sunday, Jan. 28. The final round of Grammy voting runs from Dec. 7-21.
格莱美奖颁奖礼将于1月28日星期日在纽约麦迪逊广场花园举办，并在哥伦比亚广播公司节目中进行直播。格莱美奖的最后一轮投票将于12月7日至12月21日进行。
Category 1 - Record Of The Year
第一类——年度最佳唱片
Redbone-Childish Gambino
《红色骨头》——唐纳德·格洛沃
Despacito-Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee Featuring Justin Bieber
《慢慢来》——路易斯·冯西、洋基老爹，伴唱贾斯汀·比伯
The Story Of O.J.-JAY-Z
《O.J.的故事》——JAY-Z
HUMBLE.-Kendrick Lamar
《低调》——肯德里克·拉马尔
24K Magic-Bruno Mars
《24K魔法》——布鲁诺·马尔斯
Category 2 - Album Of The Year
第二类——年度最佳专辑
"Awaken, My Love!"-Childish Gambino
《“醒来吧，我的爱人！”》——唐纳德·格洛沃
4:44-JAY-Z
《4:44》——JAY-Z
DAMN.-Kendrick Lamar
《该死》——肯德里克·拉马尔
Melodrama-Lorde
《情景剧》——洛德
24K Magic-Bruno Mars
《24K魔法》——布鲁诺·马尔斯
Category 3 - Song Of The Year
第三类——年度最佳歌曲
Despacito (Luis Fonsi & Daddy Yankee Featuring Justin Bieber)
《慢慢来》（路易斯·冯西、洋基老爹，贾斯汀·比伯伴唱）
4:44 (JAY-Z)
《4:44》（JAY-Z）
Issues (Julia Michaels)
《烦恼》（朱莉娅·麦克）
1-800-273-8255 (Logic Featuring Alessia Cara & Khalid)
1-800-273-8255（Logic，伴唱阿莱西亚·卡拉、哈利德）
That's What I Like (Bruno Mars)
《就爱这一味》（布鲁诺·马尔斯）
Category 4 - Best New Artist
第四类——年度最佳新人
Alessia Cara
阿莱西亚·卡拉
Khalid
哈利德
Lil Uzi Vert
Lil Uzi Vert
Julia Michaels
朱莉娅·麦克
SZA
SZA
China's consumer confidence remained high in the second quarter of the year, according to a research report by global measurement and data analytics company Nielsen.
根据全球监测和数据分析公司尼尔森的一份研究报告，今年第二季度中国消费者信心仍然处于高位。
The country's Consumer Confidence Index (CCI) released by Nielsen stood at 113 points in Q2, down two points from Q1 but still well above the baseline of 100 that demarcates between optimism and pessimism.
尼尔森发布的二季度中国消费者信心指数为113点，较上一季度降低2个点，但仍远高于100点基线，100点是乐观和悲观的分水岭。
Andy Zhao, president of Nielsen China, saw a resilient Chinese economy despite a more complex global economic situation.
尼尔森中国区总裁赵新宇称，尽管当前全球经济形势趋于复杂，中国经济依然充满韧性。
"The structure and production efficiency of the economy are steadily optimizing, and the transformation and upgrading of the economy continue to open new drivers for growth. That laid a solid foundation for high-quality economic development," he said.
赵新宇表示：“中国经济的结构和生产效率稳步优化，经济的转型升级不断开拓新的增长空间，为经济高质量发展夯实了基础。”
Nielsen's CCI measures perceptions of local job prospects, personal finance and willingness to make purchases.
尼尔森消费者信心指数衡量的是消费者对于当地就业前景、个人财政以及消费意愿三个方面的看法。
All three components of the CCI stayed high in Q2, with local job prospects climbing seven points from 68 points in the same period last year.
中国消费者信心指数这三个方面，在今年第二季度均保持高位，其中当地就业前景较去年同期的68个点上升了7个点。
The willingness to spend increased four points from 56 points a year earlier. Personal finance in Q2 stood at 68 points.
消费意愿在去年同期56点的基础上增长了4个点。而个人财政情况在第二季度保持在了68点。
Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma and his family have been ranked No 1 on the Hurun China Rich List 2018, according to the latest version of the list released last Wednesday.
根据上周三发布的最新一期2018年胡润百富榜榜单，阿里巴巴董事局主席马云及其家族问鼎榜首。
With 270 billion yuan in wealth, Jack Ma's family became the richest in China, dethroning Evergrande Chairman Xu Jiayin, whose wealth fell 40 billion yuan to 250 billion yuan.
马云家族以2700亿元的财富成为中国首富，超越恒大集团董事局主席许家印。许家印的财富缩水400亿元，以2500亿元位列第二。
Tencent Chairman and CEO Ma Huateng, with 240 billion yuan in wealth, took the third spot on the list.
腾讯董事长兼首席执行官马化腾以2400亿元的身家位列榜单第三。
The richest woman in China, Yang Huiyan, vice-chairwoman of Country Garden, grabbed fourth place with 150 billion yuan in personal wealth.
中国女首富、碧桂园集团副主席杨惠妍以1500亿元的个人财富位居第四。
Newcomer Lei Jun, founder and CEO of Xiaomi, and returning Wang Wenyin, chairman of Amer International Group, and his family shared 10th place with the same wealth of 110 billion yuan.
首次上榜的小米创始人兼首席执行官雷军和回归榜单的正威集团董事局主席王文银及其家族并列第10，身家均达1100亿元。
E-commerce, fintech and internet service industries show strong momentum to generate wealth in China as two of the top three work in these industries.
在我国，电商、金融科技和互联网服务行业的造富势头强劲，榜单前三名中有两名从事相关产业。
The ages of China's richest range from 32 to 76, with Yan Hao, chairman of the board of Pacific Construction Group, as the youngest and He Xiangjian, founder of Midea Group, as the oldest.
从上榜富豪的年龄看，最年轻的是32岁的太平洋建设董事局主席严昊，最年长的是76岁的美的集团创始人何享健。
Tech giant Apple's new products will be unveiled at 10 am on Sept 12 at the firm's new campus in Cupertino, California, news website Sina reported last Friday.
据新闻网站新浪上周五报道，科技巨头苹果的新产品将于9月12日上午10点在其位于加州库珀蒂诺的新园区发布。
Some media are predicting three new iPhone types will be launched, including an upgraded iPhoneX with a 5.8-inch OLED screen, a "cheap" version iPhoneX with a 6.1-inch LCD screen and a high-end device with a 6.5-inch OLED screen.
有些媒体预测苹果公司将推出三款新iPhone，其中包括一款配备了5.8英寸的OLED屏幕的iPhoneX升级版，一款配备有6.1英寸的LCD屏幕的iPhoneX廉价版，以及一款配备6.5英寸OLED屏幕的高端设备。
The three phones will carry Apple's new A12 chip and Intel's LTE 4G module.
这三款手机将搭载苹果最新的A12芯片和英特尔的LTE 4G模块。
The 6.1-inch screen iPhone will differ from the other two versions. The camera lens on back will be single, and may come in a variety of unconventional colors. Moreover, the RAM for the "cheap" version will be 3G, while the other two will be 4G.
其中屏幕为6.1英寸的iPhone将与其他两款有所不同。背面的相机镜头将只有一个，可能会有各种颜色的版本。此外，这款廉价版的内存将为3G，而另外两款则是4G。
According to Sina, the 6.1-inch screen and 6.5-inch screen phones will support dual SIM cards.
据新浪报道，6.1英寸与6.5英寸版本的手机将会支持双SIM卡。
Sina, citing analysts, said the price of the 6.1-inch screen iPhone will be between $600 and $700, the 5.8-inch screen version will be priced between $800 and $900, and the 6.5-inch screen version will be priced from $800 to $900.
新浪引用分析人士的话称，6.1英寸屏幕的iPhone的价格将在600美元到700美元之间，5.8英寸屏幕的价格将在800美元至900美元之间，而6.5英寸的屏幕将从800美元到900美元不等。
In addition, other new products will be also revealed, including an AirPower wireless charging panel, an AirPods wireless headset with wireless charging function, the fourth-generation Apple Watch with a bigger screen, an iPad Pro with facial recognition and a new, lower price MacBook Air computer.
此外，苹果还将发布其他新产品，包括一个AirPower无线充电板、一款带有无线充电功能的AirPods无线耳机、屏幕更大的第四代Apple Watch、拥有面部识别功能的iPad Pro，以及一款价格偏低的MacBook Air电脑。
Are you waiting for a sequel to your favorite franchise? Or are you looking forward to a new movie that is adapted from your favorite video game? Read on to find out what to expect in movie theaters in 2018.
你是在盼望着最喜爱的系列电影出续集？还是期待一款由心仪游戏改编而来的大片？接下来为你推荐几部值得关注的2018年新片~
Tomb Raider
《新古墓丽影》
Release date: March 16
上映日期：3月16日
This year will see the arrival of the long-awaited movie Tomb Raider, starring well-known video game heroine Lara Croft. When the movie opens, we find Lara living day to day in east London. She seems like many other inhabitants of this poor but fashionable district of the great city. She earns a living as a courier, and she is still hauntedby her father’s mysterious death: Even now, seven years after his passing, she hasn’t got over it. Lara is the inheritor of her father’s fortune. She understands that one day she will have to take over her father’s role as an adventurer. But before that, Lara wants answers. How did her father die? She embarks on a quest to find out. It takes her to a wild island where she has to use her fierce fighting skills to survive.
让大家期待已久的《新古墓丽影》终于要在今年上映了，主人公是广为人知的游戏女主角劳拉·克劳馥。电影开篇将人们的视线拉入到劳拉在伦敦东部的日常中，在这座大城市里，东部地区贫乏却时尚，而劳拉与在这里生活的其他人并无差别。她靠当快递员为生。不过，劳拉依然被父亲的神秘死亡所困扰：即便父亲去世已有7年，她仍然没有走出阴影。劳拉是父亲财富的继承者，也明白终有一天自己将继续像父亲一样做一名探险家。但是在这之前，她需要知道答案：父亲究竟是怎么死的？她开始探索。之后，劳拉漂流到一座荒岛上，她必须利用自己的超强技能生存下去。
Pacific Rim: Uprising
《环太平洋：雷霆再起》
Release date: March 24
上映日期：3月24日
The second film in the Pacific Rim series is about Jake Pentecost, the son of the legendary pilot Stacker Pentecost. Stacker saved the human race in a previous fight with the monstrous Kaiju. But it seems that Jake isn’t the man his father was. He gives up his pilot training and falls in with some criminals. However, when the Kaiju rise again to threaten the human race, Jake is persuaded to take responsibility for fighting them by his sister Mako Mori. She is leading a new generation of fighters who do things differently from their parents’ generation. But the anti-Kaiju forces are still weak. It is not known if they can succeed in their fight against the Kaiju. When the film opens in March, expect Jake to be at the forefront of this new global struggle against humanity’s enemies.
《环太平洋》系列的第二部围绕着杰克·潘特考斯特展开，他是传奇机甲战士斯塔克·潘特考斯特的儿子。此前，斯塔克与庞大怪兽作战，拯救了人类。但是他的儿子杰克却与他不同。杰克放弃了机甲驾驶员的训练，与一帮罪犯为伍。然而，当怪兽再次威胁人类时，杰克被姐姐麻子说服了。麻子领导着新一代的机甲战士，行事作风也与父辈截然不同。但是，抗击怪兽的力量依然薄弱。人类是否会战胜怪兽尚不得而知。希望影片在3月上映时，我们能看到杰克冲上前线，迎战全人类的敌人。
Deadpool 2
《死侍2》
Release date: June 1
上映日期：6月1日
Superhero movies often have funny moments, but they are usually serious films. In fact, they can sometimes be too serious for some people. Deadpool (2016) was part of the X-Men series by Marvel. But it was different from other superhero films – it was a movie for people who wanted to laugh a little more at the kind of humor that adults enjoy. Now, there is a sequel to Deadpool. In this new movie, Ryan Reynolds will again play the mercenary Wade Wilson, or Deadpool, who likes to tell jokes and use as many swear words as he can. His body is covered with scars, although he has the ability to heal more quickly than other people. He’s rejoined by his fiancee Vanessa, as well as other characters from the first film.
超级英雄电影通常会有搞笑的桥段，但通常还是比较严肃的电影。事实上，有时候对于某些观众而言，有点太严肃了。2016年上映的《死侍》算是漫威X战警系列电影之一，但是却和其他超级英雄电影大相径庭——这部电影让那些喜爱成年人幽默的观众乐不可支。如今，《死侍》的续集来了。在新片中，瑞安·雷诺兹将继续扮演唯利是图的韦德·威尔逊，也就是死侍，爱讲段子，同时也满嘴跑脏话。尽管有超能力比普通人能更快地愈合伤口，但他身上依然伤痕累累。死侍的未婚妻瓦妮莎，以及在第一部中出现的诸多角色也将在新片中亮相。
Jay-Z leads this year's pack,and no women are in the running for record of the year
Jay-Z入围领跑，并且今年的领跑榜单中没有女性。
The awards host a major roster of nominees in 84 categories.
该奖项有84个类别的主要提名名单。
Yes, 84 categories—making it extremely special for musicians, songwriters, producers, and aspiring artists of all musical persuasions throughout the world.
是的，84个类别——使得这个奖项对全球的音乐家、词曲作者、制作人和有抱负的艺术家们有非常特别的意义。
This year's 60th annual Grammy Awards are set to take place this Sunday, January 28, at Madison Square Garden in NYC. (It will be the first time since 2003 the show won't take place in Los Angeles.)
今年的第60届格莱美颁奖典礼将于1月28日星期日在纽约的麦迪逊广场花园举行。(这将是自2003年以来首次不在洛杉矶举行。)
Like previous years, we can expect a whole lot of amazing music, over-the-top outfits, and surprising performances.
像往年一样，有众多惊艳的音乐、夸张的服装和令人惊讶的表演值得我们期待。
Every year, the Victoria's Secret show brings its famous bejewelled Angels together for what is consistently a glittery catwalk extravaganza. It's the most-watched fashion event of the year (800 million tune in annually) with around $12 million (about ￡9.2 million) spent on putting the spectacle together - a huge figure considering most catwalk shows cost an estimated $1million (about ￡700,000).
每年，维密秀都会带来珠光宝气的天使走豪华猫步，是收视率最高的时尚盛典（年均收视率达8亿），舞台搭设花费1200万美元，而大部分秀场耗资约为100万美元。
Here's everything we know about the 2018 show so far:
2018年维密秀情况如下。
The line-up
节目安排
While those responsible for casting the Victoria's Secret show probably already have a fairly good idea about who they want to appear on the catwalk, they still go through the theatre of holding castings, as with any other fashion show - which they often release video footage of.
维密的选角导演可能已经对模特有了想法，他们手上拿着候选名单和其他时装秀的视频资料穿过剧院。
This means that several weeks prior to the show, you'll have a parade of models photographed arriving at the Victoria's Secret HQ in New York, giving us a pretty good indication of who might be appearing (although it's not always guaranteed; Hailey Baldwin was spotted turning up for a casting last year but didn't ever make the final line-up, as was Gigi Hadid who was later forced to pull out).
也就是说维密秀前几周，你可能会看到众多模特被拍到抵达纽约维密总部，让我们知道可能的人选。（不过也不能确保万无一失，去年海莉·鲍德温出现在候选名单上，但最终未能出演，而吉吉·哈迪德最后也被迫出局。）
At last year's casting, they gave each of the models a pair of huge feathered wings to leave with, just to make sure people really noticed them.
去年选择模特时，模特需要穿一对巨大的羽毛翅膀，确保大家会注意到她们。
The models will then take to Instagram to express their delight at being selected for this year's show. So far this year, Toni Garrn has confirmed that she will be returning to the catwalk following a five-year absence.
模特之后也会在社交媒体Instagram上表达被选中的喜悦。今年，托妮·伽恩已经确认会返回舞台，这也是缺席了五年的她首度回归。
Winnie Harlow will also be making her Victoria's Secret debut. The model re-tweeted several messages of congratulations from fans after the news was leaked.
维尼·哈露也将开启维密首秀，在推特上转发了几条粉丝泄露的祝贺消息。
The show generally features a mix of seasoned Angels (Adriana Lima, Lily Aldridge, Candice Swanepoel); high-profile names (Kendall Jenner, Karlie Kloss, Bella and Gigi Hadid); and a fortunate batch of newcomers or lesser-known faces.
维密秀常用经验丰富的模特（阿德里亚娜·利马、莉莉·奥尔德里奇和坎蒂丝·斯瓦内普尔）、人气流量（肯达尔·詹娜、卡莉·克劳斯、贝拉和吉吉·哈迪德），以及一些幸运的新人和大众不熟知的面庞。
Two regular faces that we won't be seeing in the 2018 show are Alessandra Ambrosio, who confirmed that she'd be hanging up her wings after 12 years of walking for the brand, and Lily Aldridge, who is pregnant with her second child.
今年我们看不到亚历山大·安布罗休，为维密走过12年秀的压力山大在今年终于脱下了翅膀，莉莉·奥尔德里奇身怀二胎，也不能参加今年的走秀。
The venue
地点
The location of the Victoria's Secret show changes frequently; it's previously been held everywhere from London and Paris to Miami, LA and New York. Last year's took place in Shanghai. The brand has steadily been building presence in mainland China, with a total of 26 stores across the country, so it made commercial sense to take the Angels there. While this year's location has yet to be announced, it's likely to be a key market for the lingerie label.
维密秀的地点常常改变，此前在伦敦、巴黎、迈阿密、洛杉矶和纽约办过，去年在上海举办。维密正在中国内地稳步拓展市场，共有26家门店，在上海举办维密秀也就不足为奇了。但是今年的举办场地尚未公开，很有可能成为内衣品牌的重点市场。
All the models will then travel to the location together via a VS private jet providing many an Instagram opportunity.
所有的模特都将搭乘维密私人飞机前往秀场，届时Instagram又有机会出场了。
The date
日期
A date for this year's show has yet to be confirmed (and presumably won't be until the location is announced), but it generally takes place towards the end of November or beginning of December every year. It's then broadcast on TV and online a few days later.
几年的日期尚未公布（极有可能在地点公布之后公开），但是通常在11月末或者12月初举办，几天后会在电视和网络上进行宣传。
The costumes
服装
Often less is more when it comes to the VS show, with models typically showcasing little more than lingerie, heels and a pair of wings. There are always 'themes', like 'sexy sportswear' or 'sexy nightwear' or 'sexy fairyland nymphs' - and, despite the theatrical and often playful costumes, the underwear always takes centre stage (of course, let's not forget the entire point of this is to sell knickers).
说到维密秀通常衣服越少感觉越好，模特通常只比内衣+鞋子+翅膀的组合多穿一点点。会有诸如“性感运动服”“性感睡衣”“性感仙女”之类的主题，虽然也有戏剧化、趣味性强的衣服，内衣通常是主要展品（当然也别忘了维密的核心还是卖内衣）。
The performers
表演嘉宾
Every year the models are joined by some of the biggest names in music, who provide the soundtrack to each section of the show. Last year's acts to hit the catwalk in Shanghai were former One Directioner Harry Styles, Grammy winner Miguel, Hamilton alum Leslie Odom Jr. and Chinese pop sensation Jane Zhang.
每年模特的出场都伴随着音乐界大佬提供的背景音乐。去年上海的秀场由乐队One Directioner 前成员哈里·斯泰尔斯、格莱美奖获得者马吉尔、小莱斯利?奥多姆和中国流行音乐巨星张靓颖联袂出演。
There will be glitter and lots of it
闪闪闪
Whether backstage, on the catwalk or at the after-party, Victoria's Secret would be nothing without its unimaginable levels of pink and silver glitter. It's basically a larger-scale version of Paris Hilton's birthday party.
不管是后台、秀场还是晚宴，没有魔幻的粉色和银光，维密秀就不是维密秀了。这很像帕丽斯·希尔顿的大型生日聚会。
Expect some form of 'drama'
期待“戏剧”
Remember the time Ariana Grande nearly got knocked out by Elsa Hosk's furry wings? Or the alleged 'awkwardness' between then-exes Bella Hadid and The Weeknd? Or when Yolanda Hadid posted that controversial childhood shot of nude Bella and Gigi in angel wings? Or when Jourdan Dunn described the brand as "BS" after she wasn't recruited for the catwalk? Or when Cara Delevingne dismissed allegations she had been banned from the show because she was "too fat?" Another VS show calls for another round of drama.
还记得爱莉安娜·格兰德几乎被艾尔莎·霍斯卡的羽毛翅膀打下台吗？又或者是威肯和当时的前任贝拉·哈迪德同台的尴尬场面？尤兰达·哈迪德晒过贝拉和吉吉裸体穿维密翅膀的童年照也备受争议。卓丹·邓称维密在没有入围后称维密是“BS”。卡拉·迪瓦伊打破谣言说自己并未因为“过胖”被维密拒之门外。新的维密秀，新的戏剧舞台。
Everyone will have 'mermaid hair'
每个人都会有“美人鱼的头发”
Victoria's Secret is not one to push boundaries when it comes to its beauty. The favoured look of recent years? Fluttery lashes and long beachy waves. Today, you'd be hard-pushed to find a VS Angel with short cropped hair or any more alternative style.
维密对美女并无明晰的标准。近几年最受喜爱的长相是什么样呢？闪烁的睫毛和长长的卷发。今年你可能很难找到短发或者类似发型的维密天使。
Victoria's Secret has announced that Angel Elsa Hosk will have the incredibly glamorous honor of wearing the million dollar Fantasy Bra this year.
维秘宣布天使Elsa Hosk获得今年佩戴价值百万美元Fantasy Bra的殊荣。
The 29-year-old has been working with Victoria's Secret since 2011, and this year the blonde Angel will join the ranks of the select few supermodels who've worn the very-special bejeweled bra before her.
今年29岁的她从2011开始就参加维秘秀，今年这位金发天使即将加入之前少数几个精心挑选出来、获得特殊的珠宝胸衣的超模阵容。
In newly-released images, the Swedish beauty is seen modeling the pricey lingerie, looking stunning in the glittering — and very revealing — piece.
在最新发布的照片，这位瑞典美人穿着这件价值不菲的胸衣，闪闪发光，摄人心魄。
This year's Atelier Swarovski-designed Dream Angels Fantasy Bra is worth $1 million and includes a matching body chain.
今年的梦幻天使Fantasy Bra是由Atelier Swarovski设计，价值1百万美元，包括配套连体的带子。
It's made with over 2,100 Swarovski lab-created synthetic diamonds, as well as 'responsibly sourced' topaz and sterling silver. There are more than 71 carats, including a particularly large gem at the center. All in all, it took over 930 hours to make.
z这套内衣由2100多颗施华洛世奇合成水晶和有着可靠来源的高品质托帕石和纯银制作。加上中心的部分，整套内衣使用的钻石超过71克拉。共花费930小时打造。
Elsa told People it was 'beyond exciting' to try on the bra for the first time, saying: 'It was just a sensation that I've never felt before.
在接受《人物》杂志采访时，Elsa说，第一次穿上内衣时，已经不仅仅是激动了，这是我从来没有感受过的强烈感觉。
'My body was violently shaking. And it wasn't because I was nervous, I was just excited. It was a cool feeling that I've never felt before. And it was definitely a moment that I'll never forget."
“我的身体不住的颤抖，我知道我不是紧张，我只是兴奋，还有一种我之前从未感觉到的清凉，肯定的是这种感觉我永远不会忘记，”
'It's definitely the most beautiful Fantasy Bra I ever saw, and when I saw it I was like, "You guys have got to be kidding me,"' she said.
“这是我迄今为止见过的最漂亮的Fantasy Bra，我一见就心生欢喜，你们一定是在和我开玩笑。”她说。
What's more, this year the brand is doing something extra special: While the million-dollar bra is a one-off, shoppers who want the same glitzy look for themselves can buy a $250 Swarovski crystal version at select stores and online on November 29.
更棒的是，今年维秘还准备了一些特别的：尽管不会再有价值百万美元的胸衣，消费者们可以花上250美金买一件施华洛世奇版同款。11月29日开始就可以线上线下同时购买。
While Elsa is still gearing up for the show, which will air on December 2, she reflected on the magic Fantasy Bras past.
Elsa 还在为12月2日上演的维秘秀做准备，她回顾了往年的充满魔力的Fantasy Bras，
She said the one that Lais Ribeiro wore last year — which was worth $2 million — was one of her favorites ever.
她说去年Lais Ribeiro穿的那件价值2百万美元，是她最喜欢的一件之一。
'I thought that was so beautiful, the way it fit on her body and the colors on her skin and just the way she owned it,' she said. I've always loved Candice Swanepoel's walk when she walked in the royal fantasy bra. That was just such a good walk. I watched that video and I'm like, "Damn, I don't know if I'll be able to ever beat that."'
“我觉得那件胸衣很美，与她的身体契合，颜色也衬她肤色，她穿着就像是她自己的一样。我喜欢Candice Swanepoel在穿着皇室内衣时的表现。她走的很好，我看视频的时候就很喜欢，真不知道我能不能够打败她。”
She added that she's happy the show is back in New York this year, after traveling around the world to London, Paris, and Shanghai for the past few years.
过去的几年，维密秀相继在伦敦、巴黎、上海开展以后，今年又回到了纽约。对此，她很开心。
She also spilled on her pre-show diet and fitness regimen, admitting that she changes it up from year to year.
她还展示了她在赛前的饮食和健身养生方式，还坦诚每年的具体方法都不同。
Right now, she's running and doing 'a lot of fun dance cardio' with Megan Roup.
现在她一直在跑步，还和Megan Roup一起进行了“许多有趣的有氧舞蹈”。
As for her eating habits, she sticks to a 'balanced' diet but will spend the weeks before the show avoiding carbs, loading up on vegetables, and skipping processed foods and soda.
在她的饮食习惯方面，她坚持“平衡”的饮食，在演出前的数周她不会碰碳水化物，坚持吃蔬菜，不吃加工过的食品、不喝苏打水。
'I really think that reflects in the way your skin looks and the way you feel — you just feel stronger,' she said.
她说：“这种饮食方式会表现在你的肤色和你自己的感觉——感觉到自己变得强壮了。”
The Victoria's Secret Fashion Show pegs itself as a celebration for everything the US lingerie brand represents: femininity, decadence and the unbridled confidence of lithe-limbed supermodels, but the annual spectacle is never far from controversy.
维密秀视其自身为这家美国内衣品牌为了其所象征的一切而举办的一场庆祝活动：身材苗条的超模们的女性气质、享乐主义和无限自信，但这场年度盛宴一直备受争议。
While the show has been praised for featuring models from a diverse mix of ethnic backgrounds, the lineup remains homogeneous in terms of body shape, with the company never having cast a plus-size woman to walk its famous runway.
虽然维密秀因其模特队伍种族背景的多样化而受到好评，但模特们的体型却是单一的，而且该公司从未请大码模特参加其著名的维密秀。
Now, one model is calling for a complete boycott of the show, which is expected to take place in November this year, will once again feature exclusively slim women.
如今一名模特呼吁大家全面抵制维密秀。今年的维密秀有望于11月举办，而且还是由苗条的模特登台演出。
Robyn Lawley, a plus-size model, has started an online petition calling for Victoria's Secret to be more inclusive.
罗宾·劳利是一位大码模特，她在网上发起了请愿活动，要求维密秀应更具有包容性。
She argued that the lingerie brand has “dominated the space for almost 20 years by telling women there is only one kind of body beautiful.
她主张该内衣品牌“主导这一行业近20年，而且一直告诉女性只有一种身材是美丽的”。
“Until Victoria's Secret commits to representing ALL women on stage, I am calling for a complete boycott of this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show,” she continues.
“在维密秀承诺它的舞台可以展现所有女性之美之前，我呼吁全面抵制今年的维密秀，”她继续写道。
“It's time Victoria's Secret recognised the buying power and influence of women of ALL ages, shapes, sizes, and ethnicities.
“到了维密品牌认清各个年龄阶层、身材和种族的女性们的购买力和影响力的时候了。
“The female gaze is powerful, and together, we can celebrate the beauty of our diversity.”
“女性们的目光是强有力的，我们可以一起庆祝我们的多样之美。”
The post has been well-received by Lawley's 190,000 followers, garnering more than 1,900 likes and hundreds of supportive comments; the petition has been signed by more than 700 people so far.
这篇帖子受到了劳利的19万名粉丝们的欢迎，有1900多人为她点赞，上百人发表了支持性的评论。到目前为止，已有700多人签署了这份请愿书。
As opposed to watching this year's show, she urged people to share an unedited photograph of themselves on Instagram under the hashtag #MyAngelWings.
劳利在反对观看今年的维密秀的同时，鼓励人们在Ins的“我的天使之翼”（My Angel Wings）这一标签下分享自己的一张未经编辑的照片。
She added that for every person who shares a snap, lingerie brand ThirdLove will donate a bra to Support The Girls, a nonprofit organisation that distributes bras and menstrual products to homeless women across the US.
她补充道，每有一人分享照片，内衣品牌ThirdLove（第三种爱）就会为“支持女孩”（Support The Girls）组织捐赠一件文胸。该组织是一家为全美无家可归的女性提供文胸和月经产品的非营利组织。
Google has revealed what people in the UK have been searching for in 2018.
谷歌发布了英国人2018年度热搜。
Meghan Markle, who topped the list last year, was knocked off her perch by the World Cup but still managed to be the second-most searched term in 2018.
梅根·马克尔去年位居榜首，今年为世界杯让位，位列热搜榜单第二。
Her marriage to Prince Harry, together with the wedding of Princess Eugenie and Jack Brooksbank, helped 'Royal Wedding' reach third on the overall list.
梅根和哈里王子、尤金妮公主和杰克·布鲁克斯班克这两对新人的婚礼让“王室婚礼”成为热搜榜第三。
Several other celebrities like Stormy Daniels and Ant McPartlin also appeared on the lists, which covered a wide range of categories including top trending 'How to...?' and 'What is...?' queries.
斯托米·丹尼尔斯、安特·麦克帕特林等名人也位列榜单，覆盖了热搜诸如“如何……”或者“谁是……”此类搜索。
Privacy scandals helped 'How to delete Facebook?' become one of the most-asked questions using Google, while the dramatic rise and fall in cryptocurrency prices helped drive searches for 'What is bitcoin?'.
隐私丑闻让“如何删除脸书”成为谷歌热搜问题第一，而加密货币价格起伏则让“啥是比特币”登上热搜榜。
Google Search trends act as a cultural barometer, revealing what news, sports and events captured the nation's interest over the last year, with the world's most popular search engine turning 20 this year.
谷歌热搜趋势相当于文化晴雨表，展现出英国过去一年在新闻、体育、大型事件上的兴趣点，而今年，谷歌这个全球最受欢迎的搜索引擎也整整二十岁了。
"The 2018 Year in Search lists give us an insight into the things that captured the nation's attention over the past 12 months – from major moments in news, sports and entertainment, through to the latest dance craze," said Kristin Wright, a Google Search Trends expert.
谷歌搜索专家克里斯汀说：“2018热搜榜单让我们看待过去一年中英国人关心什么，从新闻体育娱乐中的重大事件到当下红极一时的舞蹈红人。”
"Twenty years after its launch, Google Search continues to evolve as people look for information in new and different ways, but our focus remains the same – to make the world's information accessible and useful to everyone."
“二十年间，谷歌搜索也随着人们搜索更新更全信息的欲望不断成长，但是我们的初心未变——要让世界新闻对每个人来说都触手可及、都添砖加瓦。”
Hollywood has confronted the post-Harvey Weinstein era with a highly anticipated wear-black protest at the Golden Globes and award winners using the podium to praise the brave women who have spoken out against sexual harassment and gender inequality.
随着金球奖颁奖礼上明星们用备受瞩目的黑色服饰抗议（好莱坞性丑闻），以及获奖者们在领奖台上赞扬那些公开抨击性骚扰和性别不平等的勇敢女性，好莱坞遭遇了后哈维·温斯坦时代。
A-listers united behind Time's Up initiative on Sunday with the likes of Meryl Streep and Michelle Williams arriving at the ceremony in Los Angeles with gender justice activists as their guests.
一线明星于星期日联合在一起发起“时间到”倡议，梅丽尔·斯特里普和米歇尔·威廉姆斯等明星抵达了洛杉矶的典礼现场，并邀请了性别公正活动家作为她们的特邀嘉宾。
Turning the Globes dark on the fashion front had been anticipated for days after a call for massive reform following the downfall of disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein and numerous others in Hollywood, media, fashion, tech, publishing and other industries.
随着声名狼藉的电影大亨哈维·温斯坦和好莱坞、媒体、时尚、科技、出版及其他行业的许多人的垮台，在呼吁大规模改革之后，连日来人们预料到走在时尚前沿的金球奖颁奖礼将以黑色为主色调。
Host Seth Meyers opened the 75th annual Golden Globes by diving straight into material about the sex scandals that have roiled the industry, while a number of actresses who played strong women stepped up to claim awards.
在第75届金球奖年度颁奖典礼上，主持人赛斯·迈耶斯在开场的时候直接谈到了使整个行业动荡的性丑闻，与此同时，大量在影片中饰演女强人的女演员登上了金球奖的领奖台。
The first award of the night went to one of Hollywood 's most powerful women, Nicole Kidman, for her performance in HBO's The Big Little Lies. Kidman dedicated her award to the “power of women”.
当晚的第一个奖项授予了好莱坞最有影响力的女性之一妮可·基德曼，表彰她在HBO电视网出品的电视剧《大小谎言》中的精彩表现。基德曼把她的奖项献给了“女性的力量”。
Other early awards continued the theme of female empowerment .
最先颁发的其他几个奖项也继续了女权这一主题。
The Handmaid's Tale's Elisabeth Moss won the Golden Globe Award for best actress in a television drama. She dedicated her award to the author behind the best-selling book Margaret Atwood and the other women who have spoken up about injustices.
主演《侍女的故事》的伊丽莎白·莫斯获得了金球奖电视剧类的最佳女主角。她把她的奖项献给了这部畅销书的作者玛格丽特·阿特伍德以及其他公开反对不公正的女性。
This year's recipient for the lifetime achievement is Oprah Winfrey, who is among the hundreds of women in the entertainment industry who have banded together to form Time's Up.
今年金球奖终身成就奖的获得者是奥普拉·温弗里，她与娱乐产业的数百位女性联合创立了“时间到”组织。
The focus at this year's Golden Globes is not on the awards themselves - but on the very powerful public debut of the Time's Up movement, an anti-sexual harassment initiative spearheaded by some of Hollywood's biggest female stars.
今年金球奖颁奖礼的焦点并不是奖项本身，而是“时间到”倡议的首次强有力的活动，该活动是由好莱坞最有影响力的几位女明星发起的一项反性骚扰倡议。
Alison Brie said that the Time's Up initiative had made her realize how powerful women can be when they all stand together.
艾莉森·布里表示，“时间到”倡议让她意识到女性团结在一起会有多强大。
The advocates and activists said that their hope in walking the red carpet was to shift the focus back on survivors and solutions, and away from perpetrators of sexual misconduct.
该倡议的拥护者和活动家表示，他们希望通过红毯秀让人们把关注的焦点转回到那些遭受过性侵的人以及处理性不端犯罪者的解决方案上。
But it's not just the ladies making a stand at the 75th annual award ceremony - many of whom will be doing so by wearing all-black ensembles - their male peers are also doing their bit to show support for the movement by donning Time's Up badges on the lapels of their tuxedos.
不过，不仅仅是女士们在第75届金球奖年度颁奖典礼上穿黑色服饰支持这一活动，她们的男性同仁也在自己的西服翻领上戴上了“时间到”的徽章以示支持。
Justin Timberlake, Hugh Jackman, Gaten Matazarro, Finn Wolfhard, and Noah Schnapp were among dozens of leading men taking part in the movement by adding the black-and-white pins to their looks.
多位男明星都在衣服上别上了黑白相间的徽章来支持这一行动，其中包括贾斯汀·汀布莱克、休·杰克曼、盖顿·玛塔扎罗、芬·沃尔夫哈德以及诺亚·施纳普。
Contrary to what you might expect, the Chinese astrological system actually holds that those born under the zodiac sign that is being celebrated don't receive much luck.
和你预期的相反，中国星象学认为，本命年的运气一般不会太好。
"This isn't a year for Pigs to take risks or initiate any major changes." consultant astrologer Carmen told INSIDER.
星相学顾问卡门告诉Insider网站说：“属猪的人在本命年不要冒风险或作出任何重大改变。”
Romantic success isn't really in the cards for Pigs in 2019 either.
属猪的人在2019年也没什么桃花运。
"Don't expect this year to bring excitement in the relationship department. For singles, this year is likely to bring relationship lessons but not growth," she said.
卡门说：“不要指望本命年感情上能有什么突破。对于属猪的单身人士而言，这一年在爱情上是教训多、甜蜜少。”
In 2019, Rat signs will have the opportunity to experience some serious career advancement and make new beneficial work connections.
2019年，属鼠的人将有机会获得晋升并拓展职场人脉。
"Career will be the biggest win for Rats during the Year of the Pig. Success will come from the Rats' talents, skills, and ability to network as well as from their connections." Carmen said.
卡门说：“属鼠的人在猪年的事业运最旺。属鼠的人的才华、技能、社交和人脉都能对事业有所助益。”
However, Rats should focus on building momentum where there are rather than looking for a new job.
不过属鼠的人在猪年应该蓄势待发而不是寻找新工作。
Romance may also crop up for Rats in 2019, but it likely won't be anything too dramatic.
属鼠的人在2019年的爱情运也不错，不过不会有重大变化。
People born in the Year of the Ox can look forward to a great run of luck with money and finances in 2019. Those who were born in the Year of the Ox may expect career changes, promotions, and salary upgrades.
属牛的人在2019年财运很旺，财源滚滚。可能会发生工作变动、升职和加薪。
The only caveat here is that there is such thing as too much of a good thing. Ox signs should be prepared to deal with success when it comes and they should have a plan for turning a sudden windfall into a long-lasting fortune.
但是属牛的人要当心好事过头反成坏事。在财富从天而降时，做好规划，才能细水长流。
Tigers probably shouldn't expect any dramatic positive changes in 2019. Tigers should focus on maintaining their success rather than look for huge new successes.
属虎的人在2019年不会迎来什么重大的积极改变。他们应该专注于维护成果而不是再创辉煌。
However, this year is actually a good time for Tigers to expand their social circles. Carmen advised that meeting new people and sharing ideas will lead to wins in career and friendship, though love connections won't necessarily lead to lasting love.
不过，今年是属虎的人扩大社交圈的良好时机。卡门建议属虎的人结识新朋友，多交流意见，这将让他们赢得事业和友情，不过在这一年开始的新恋情不一定会长久。
In Chinese astrology, the Pig is very supportive of the Rabbit. This means that Rabbits can expect pretty much every aspect of their lives to receive a boost in 2019.
中国星相学认为，猪能旺兔。这意味着属兔的人在2019年的运势将全面提升。
"Career growth is very likely and includes switching jobs, starting a business, and getting promotions all of which leads to more income. This will be a pretty stellar year for the Rabbit," Carmen revealed.
卡门透露说：“属兔的人在猪年很可能会迎来事业上升期，包括换工作、创业、升职，都能带来更多收入。对属兔的人而言，这将是大放异彩的一年。”
Rabbits can also expect their fair share of romantic and interpersonal success in 2019. "Relationships of all kinds will grow and strengthen this year. Singles will find love while those already coupled will spend more quality time with each other," said Carmen.
在爱情运和人际关系上，属兔的人在2019年也是顺风顺水。卡门说：“属兔的人的各种感情关系在2019年都会得到加强。单身人士会得到爱情，有伴侣的则会一起度过更多美好的时光。”
Astrologer Stellhorn added that this is also a good year for Rabbits to go back to school or travel. "If you plan to travel this year, you'll receive much help and support. And in your travels, you can meet people who can become important parts of your life," she said.
占星家斯特尔霍恩补充说，对于属兔的人而言，今年也非常适合重返校园或旅游。她说：“如果你今年有出游计划，你会得到很多帮助和支持。在旅游途中，你可能会遇到未来对你很重要的人。”
Dragon signs can expect good things in 2019. It'll be a year of opportunities on all sides.
属龙的人在2019年运势不错，在各方面都会遇到良机。
"Opportunities in either career or a side-hustle will present themselves to increase the flow of income. Single Dragons will find someone special this year, while those already paired will level up," Carmen said.
卡门说：“属龙的人在猪年的正财运和偏财运都很好。属龙的单身人士今年有望遇到合适的另一半，已经有伴的感情会更进一步。”
However, Stellhorn cautioned that the success of romantic opportunities will be tempered by Dragons' willingness to connect. "There are love opportunities for you if you're willing to come down to earth and have a conversation rather than just being admired from afar," said Stellhorn.
不过，斯特尔霍恩提醒说，属龙人的高冷会让良缘受阻。她说：“如果你愿意放下架子，与人交谈，而不是高高在上，你将有很多恋爱机会。”
People born under this sign can expect challenges in almost every area of life.
属蛇的人在猪年将遇到来自各个方面的挑战。
Snakes might have to contend with fluctuations in income, lack of work opportunities, and unexpected expenses. Because of this, it's a good idea for Snakes to start saving for a rainy day as soon as possible.
属蛇的人在猪年可能会遭遇收入波动、缺少工作机会和意外花销。正因如此，属蛇的人最好尽早开始储蓄，未雨绸缪。
Both single and coupled Snake signs may have to deal with frustrations from other areas of life boiling over into their romantic lives, Carmen added.
卡门说，单身和有伴的属蛇人都可能要应对生活其他方面的挫折对感情生活的影响。
The Year of the Pig brings blessings to the Horse in career, finance, and relationships.
无论是事业、金钱还是爱情，属马的人在猪年都会走好运。
"Opportunities that present themselves will be rewarding financially as well as boosting reputation. " said Carmen.
卡门说：“属马的人在猪年遇到的良机将会让自己名利双收。”
However, the adage "it takes money to make money" will definitely apply for Horses this year. They will find themselves expending financial resources to support career expansion.
不过，属马的人会发现，钱才能生钱。为了支持事业扩张，他们的金钱支出将会增加。
In terms of romance, Horses can expect to ride through the year without too many relationship bumps.
在感情方面，属马的人今年会顺风顺水，不会遇到太多坎坷。
This year is shaping up to be a great one for Sheep. These lucky lambs will experience good fortune in all areas of life including relationships, career, money, and health.
今年对属羊的人而言是非常幸运的一年，在爱情、事业、金钱、健康各个方面都会走好运。
"You have more luck this year and you can take calculated risks both in love and in business. Putting out creative work will bring back praise and accolades," Stellhorn said.
斯特尔霍恩说：“今年属羊的人运气很好，可以在爱情和事业上都勇敢地迈出一步。你的创作将获得嘉奖和回报。”
Sheep will also find 2019 brings more opportunities for love and relationships.
属羊的人在2019年还将遇到更多恋爱机会。
"If you have been single, that won't be the case much longer. Upgrades, marriage, and even pregnancy is likely for Sheep," said Carmen. Stellhorn also mentioned that Sheep seeking help for fertility issues should have good luck this year.
卡门说：“如果你是单身，那你很快就能脱单。感情升级、结婚甚至怀孕都有可能。”斯特尔霍恩还提到，那些怀孕有困难的属羊人今年应该能得偿所愿。
Monkey signs may run into trouble in 2019 if they don't keep their energetic natures in check. This year has the potential to send Monkeys plenty of drama and even legal problems.
如果属猴的人在2019年不收敛好斗的性子，可能会给自己引来麻烦。属猴的人在猪年可能会身陷各种冲突，甚至法律纠纷。
In career, there could be clashes that make it hard for Monkeys to make any major moves or power plays. Personal relationships may also be challenging.
事业上的冲突会让属猴的人难以采取任何重大行动或争夺权力。人际关系问题也会让他们头疼。
Monkeys will have to put in an effort to maintain or grow relationships as well as attract new ones.
今年在维持现有感情关系和结交新朋友方面，属猴的人都会相当费劲。
It is said that health is wealth, and this year Rooster people should focus on both of these areas. If Roosters aren't careful, their finances and wellness could take a real hit in 2019.
健康就是财富，今年属鸡的人要特别注意健康和财富这两方面。如果不当心的话，他们的财富和健康在2019年都会受到重创。
"Health issues could arise from illness, accidents, or stress. It's likely to cause a domino effect. In order to be effective in other areas, rooster people should practice self-care as well as practicing good health habits," said Carmen.
卡门说：“疾病、事故、压力都可能导致属鸡的人出现健康问题，还可能会引发多米诺效应。为了不影响生活的其他方面，他们要好好照顾自己，养成良好的健康习惯。”
Keeping business ventures on track may prove problematic and finances could suffer as a result. "Rooster may suffer a loss of income. This could be from bad investments, paying down debts, lawsuits, and unexpected money drainers," Carmen explained.
今年属鸡人的创业道路会充满险阻，资金也会因此而受损。卡门解释说：“属鸡的人在猪年的收入会减少。这可能是由投资失败、还债、打官司和其他意外支出导致的。”
But it's not all bad news. Stellhorn clarified that 2019 will also bring opportunities for Roosters.
但也不全是坏消息。斯特尔霍恩指出，2019年也会给属鸡的人带来良机。
"All the new things you've been doing for the last year or two are starting to pay off. New love is possible or you may take an existing relationship to the next level. An important contract or business agreement may be possible. You can negotiate a win-win," she said.
她说：“你前两年开始做的事情会初见成效。你可能会开启新恋情，也可能让现有的感情关系更进一步。你可能会达成重要的契约或商业协议，或通过协商获得双赢。”
Hard work and effort will pay off for Dogs this year. People with this sign may have faced a difficult 2018, but those tough experiences will help Dogs succeed in 2019.
属狗的人辛苦工作和付出会在今年得到回报。他们在2018年也许过得很艰难，但是这些挫折会帮助属狗的人在2019年取得成功。
"Last year definitely had challenges for those born in the Year of the Dog. Those challenges helped Dogs to mature and become more practical. These traits will help Dogs make the best of opportunities in the Year of the Pig," said Carmen.
卡门说：“过去的一年确实给属狗的人带来了许多挑战。这些挑战让他们变得更加成熟和实际。这将帮助他们在猪年充分把握机遇。”
There will be opportunities for Dogs in all areas, including career, finances, and relationships. However, as Carmen noted, these opportunities don't automatically ensure success. Dogs will have to put in work and effort to experience gains.
2019年属狗的人在事业、财富、爱情等各个方面都将遇到良机。不过，卡门指出，这些机遇不一定会带来成功。他们必须付出辛劳才能得到收获。
The Chinese Basketball Association (CBA) has announced the starting lineups for the All-Star game.
中国男子篮球职业联赛（CBA）于近日公布了全明星赛的首发阵容。
The Liaoning Flying Leopards' guard Guo Ailun will lead the northern team while big man Yi Jianlian of the Guangdong Southern Tigers will lead the south squad.
辽宁飞豹篮球俱乐部的后卫郭艾伦将领衔北方明星队，对抗由广东华南虎俱乐部的易建联率领的南方明星队。
Joining Guo on the north team are Han Dejun, Zhai Xiaochuan, Abdusalam Abdurixit, and Fang Shuo. Along with Yi for the south are Wang Zhelin, Hu Jinqiu, Zhao Rui and Wu Qian.
郭艾伦北方明星队的队友分别是韩德君、翟晓川、阿不都沙拉木和方硕。易建联南方明星队的队友则是王哲林、胡金秋、赵睿和吴前。
Yi received the most votes for the second year in a row with 519, 288. The all-star weekend will be held from January 12 to 13.
易建联以519288票连续第二年荣膺CBA全明星赛“票王”。全明星周末将于1月12日至13日举行。
The previous year's All-star game saw former NBA player Yi Jianlian being named MVP. He notched up a game-high 28 points and eight dunks to power the South to a 147-138 win over the North in the 2017-2018 Chinese Basketball Association (CBA) All-Star game in Shenzhen.
在上一届全明星赛中，前NBA球员易建联获得了MVP的称号。在于深圳举行的2017-2018年CBA全明星赛上，他拿下了全场最高的28分，奉献8个扣篮，率领南方明星队147-138战胜了北方明星队。
It was eight years since all 10 starters were Chinese in an All-Star game.
从八年前开始，全明星赛上的10名首发球员就全部是中国球员了。
Chinese universities record strong performance in graduate employment, with 34 universities entering the world's top 500 universities for graduate employability, a latest ranking showed.
一份最新榜单显示，中国高校在毕业生就业方面表现出色，共有34所大学进入全球毕业生就业力500强院校。
Among the 34 universities, 22 are from the Chinese mainland, eight from Taiwan and four from Hong Kong.
在这34所大学当中，中国大陆占22所，中国台湾占8所，中国香港占4所。
Tsinghua University ranked ninth while Peking University took the 20th spot, according to the QS Graduate Employability Rankings 2019 released by Quacquarelli Symonds, a British company specializing in education.
根据这份由英国专业教育公司Quacquarelli Symonds（QS）发布的2019年QS毕业生就业力排名榜，清华大学位列第9，北京大学则排名第20。
QS uses five indicators to compile the ranking: employer reputation, alumni outcomes, partnerships with employers, employer/student connections and graduate employment rate.
QS是依据以下5项指标编制了这份榜单：雇主评价、校友成就、大学与雇主合作关系、雇主与学生关系以及毕业生就业率。
In terms of partnerships with employers, Zhejiang University scored 99.9, ranking second globally, followed by Tsinghua University (99.8).
在大学与雇主合作关系方面，浙江大学得到了99.9分，位居全球第2，紧随其后的清华大学则得到了99.8分。
Peking University, with a score of 93.7 in alumni outcomes, ranked first in China and No 25 worldwide.
在校友成就方面，北京大学得分93.7，位居国内第1、全球第25。
Overall, Massachusetts Institute of Technology has been crowned the best university in the world for graduate employability for the first time, followed by Stanford University and University of California, Los Angeles.
在总体排名中，麻省理工学院首次名列全球毕业生就业力排名榜榜首，斯坦福大学和加州大学洛杉矶分校分列2、3位。
Pantone has announced that Living Coral is the 2019 color of the year.
潘通（一家专门开发和研究色彩的权威机构）宣布，珊瑚红是2019年的年度颜色。
The color authority has bestowed the honorable title on a special hue every December for the past 20 years, taking into account fashion, decorating, design and cultural trends, as well as “how colors can embody our collective experience and reflect what is taking place in our global culture at a moment in time,” according to press release from Pantone.
据潘通的新闻公告所示，该颜色权威机构在过去的20年里，每年12月都会考虑时尚、装饰、设计和文化趋势以及“颜色如何体现我们的共同经历，反映全球文化某一时刻所发生的一切”，从而授予一种特殊色调这一光荣称号。
This year's color, Living Coral, is an animating shade of orange with a golden undertone, which reflects the warmth, nourishment, and shelter of coral reefs to sea life.
今年的年度颜色珊瑚红是一种橙色中蕴含金色底色的活泼色调，它体现了珊瑚礁的温暖和营养，也是珊瑚礁躲避海洋生物的保护色。
Pantone notes that this year's selection symbolizes an “innate need for optimism and joyful pursuits” and “authentic and immersive experiences that enable connection and intimacy” — the latter carrying poignancy in a cultural landscape that is increasingly dominated by digital technology and social media.
潘通表示，今年选择的年度颜色象征着“人们内心对乐观主义和快乐追求的渴望”以及“能够建立联系和亲密感的真实的沉浸式体验”，然而，后者日益被数字技术和社交媒体所支配，这也反映了人文景观的辛酸。
“Color is a language and color is inextricably linked to the culture,” Laurie Pressman, vice president of the Pantone Color Institute said.
“颜色是一种语言，而且它与文化紧密联系在一起，”潘通颜色研究所副所长劳丽·普莱斯曼说道。
The spirited shade of Living Coral has popped up everywhere from fashion runway shows to warm beauty looks, progressively on social media influencer posts and in consumer packaging.
生机勃勃的珊瑚红色调突然出现在各地的时装秀上，而且也逐步出现在网红分享的温暖漂亮的妆容中以及各种消费品的包装上。
Living Coral also speaks to the urgency of respecting and preserving nature and natural resources. Coral reefs are an important part of the global environment, both protecting and nurturing marine ecosystems and helping with water filtration and marine life reproduction.
珊瑚红还反映了尊重并保护自然及自然资源的紧迫性。珊瑚礁是全球环境中重要的一部分，它不仅能保护并滋养海洋生态系统，还有助于滤水和海洋生物的繁殖。
With critical issues with climate change and other environmental threats taking center stage in recent months, this color and its connection to nature feels especially relevant, especially when you consider that some species of coral are listed as “threatened” under the Endangered Species Act.
近几个月来，随着气候变化等关键问题和其他环境威胁成为人们关注的焦点，特别是，当你考虑到部分珊瑚物种“可能会”成为濒危物种的时候，这种颜色以及其与自然的关联使人觉得它更有意义。
The sales of train tickets for the 2019 Spring Festival travel rush, or chunyun in Chinese, started last Sunday and passengers can buy the tickets through various means, including telephone, website and smartphone app.
上周日，2019年春运火车票正式开售，乘客可通过电话、网站以及智能手机应用等多种方式购票。
The 2019 Spring Festival travel rush will last from Jan 21 to Mar 1.
2019年春运将从1月21日起至3月1日止。
It is estimated that 410 million passengers will be traveling by trains during the 40-day chunyun, which is called "world's largest human migration".
春运被称为“世界上最大规模的人类迁徙”，据估计，40天春运期间将有4.1亿旅客通过铁路出行。
To improve passengers' ticket purchasing experience, a new function will be added to the official train ticket booking website, 12306.cn, and the 12306 app during the travel rush.
为改善旅客购票体验，火车票官方订票网站12306.cn及12306应用将在春运期间增加一项新功能。
The new function will automatically allocate canceled train tickets to other buyers who have paid in advance when tickets are sold out.
新功能将自动把被取消的火车票分配给在车票售罄时预付票款的其他购票者。
It will save passengers the trouble of refreshing the website repeatedly to wait for canceled tickets.
这将为旅客省去反复刷新网站等待出现被取消的车票的麻烦。
1.First came love, then came marriage, and now Prince Harry and real-life-American-princess Meghan Markle are expecting their first baby. While the family has been understandably mum on the exact due date, we can expect a ridiculously beautiful addition to the Windsor line some time in the spring.
先是爱情，然后是婚姻，如今哈里王子和他的美国王妃梅根·马克尔即将迎来他们的第一个孩子。尽管英国王室没有透露孩子的准确预产期，不过这个漂亮的温莎宝宝应该会在明年春天出生。
2.Remember how cool the solar eclipse in North America was in 2017? Now South Asia and South America will have their days in the no-sun. On July 2, a total solar eclipse will pass over southern parts of Chile and Argentina, and parts of the South Pacific. Then in December, another eclipse will pass over the Arabian Peninsula and arc over areas of South Asia. Sounds like we need some sort of global exchange of eclipse glasses.
还记得2017年北美地区发生的日食有多壮观吗？如今南亚和南美也将出现日食。2019年7月2日，智利和阿根廷的南部地区，以及南太平洋的部分地区将会出现日全食。12月，阿拉伯半岛和南亚的部分地区将能观赏到另一次日全食。两个半球的人们可以互相交换一下日食眼镜了。
3. If freshly-minted movies are your thing, strap in to your reclining theater seat and let the Disney franchises take over your eyeballs. "Avengers: Endgame" will be one of the most anticipated (and emotionally taxing) films of the year, and it's set to drop in April. But don't forget about Captain Marvel, another hot Disney/Marvel property that will land in theatres in March.
如果你喜欢看新电影，那么2019年就去影院享受迪士尼电影盛宴吧。《复仇者联盟4：终局之战》将是明年最受期待也最虐心的电影之一，定于4月上映。但是别忘了另一部迪士尼/漫威的热门电影《惊奇队长》，将于3月登陆院线。
Live action versions of several Disney classics will be headed to the big screen too, including "The Lion King," "Aladdin" and "Dumbo."
此外，几部改编自迪士尼经典动画的真人电影也将登上大荧幕，包括《狮子王》、《阿拉丁》和《小飞象》。
4.Are you ready to have your soul absolutely rocked by some amazing television? 2019 is going to be your year then. The final season of "Game of Thrones" premieres in April, so any GoT fan you know is going to be an absolute wreck for a few months.
准备好接受神剧的洗礼了吗？2019年将是你的神剧狂欢年。最后一季《权力的游戏》将在4月首播，所以有那么几个月你身边的权游粉会相当颓废。
If epic historical fantasy isn't your bag, there are a literal ton of new and exciting shows to whisk you away from reality should you need it. Do you like reboots? Try a revamped "Carmen Sandiego," "The Twilight Zone" or "Veronica Mars." Shows based off of comic books? Peep "Swamp Thing," a DC Universe-based horror series, or "Stargirl," another DC franchise offering. If none of that whets your whistle, there's always a new season of "Stranger Things."
如果史诗奇幻剧不是你的菜，还有很多精彩的新剧帮你逃避现实（假如你需要的话）。你喜欢重启剧吗？试试《神偷卡门》、《迷离时空》或《美眉校探》。喜欢基于漫画的电视剧？你可以选择基于DC宇宙的惊悚剧《沼泽怪物》或另一部DC剧《逐星女》。如果以上这些都不对你的胃口，你还可以看新一季的《怪奇物语》。
5. Starting on January 1, hundreds of thousands of works of art, film, literature and music from 1923 will enter the public domain. Works from authors like Aldous Huxley, e.e. Cummings and H.G. Wells; music from composers like Bela Bartok, and some Charlie Chaplin and Cecil B. DeMille films will be easier to (legally) access, sell, buy and enjoy.
从1月1日起，数十万创作于1923年的艺术、电影、文学和音乐作品将进入公有领域（过了著作权保护期）。奥尔德斯·赫胥黎、E·E·康明斯和赫伯特·乔治·威尔斯等作家的著作、贝拉·巴托克等作曲家的音乐、查理·卓别林和塞西尔·B·戴米尔等大师的电影将能更容易地被合法获取、出售、购买和欣赏到。
Who are the candidates to be first-time All-Stars this season? We looked at the Eastern and Western talent shifts, the close calls from recent years, the trajectories of the league's young stars, and the teams most likely to rise (or at least to provide a platform for attention-grabbing talent and production). We came up with five potential first-time All-Stars.
谁会成为本赛季全明星的新面孔呢？根据东西部的球员天赋，近几年来比较准确的预测，联盟新星的成长轨迹以及最有可能让人耳目一新的球队（或是其他至少能够为这些引人注目的天赋提供一个展示的平台），我们发现了五个最有潜质的新面孔。
No.1 Devin Booker
1.德文·布克
Booker's season might begin late due to surgery on the pinky of his shooting hand, and the Suns will likely be awful again.
布克的新赛季亮相可能会因为投篮手的小指伤势而推迟，太阳队也很有可能因此颇受影响。
But Booker's talent and production is undeniable. He was a dark-horse injury replacement All-Star (even in the West) last season. If the Suns are less embarrassing and Booker's numbers continue to improve, he will deserve serious consideration from coaches to make the reserve squad.
但是布克的才华和能力是毋庸置疑的。他就是一起黑马杀入了上赛季全明星（即便是在西部）的候补名单。如果太阳的处境不这么尴尬且布克的支持者会不断地增加，他值得教练们的慎重考虑入选全明星。
No.2 Ben Simmons
本-西蒙斯
Simmons has a much easier fight ahead in the East, and almost made the All-Star team as an injury replacement as a rookie. (Goran Dragic got the spot instead.) The 76ers are good enough to command two All-Star nods in the East, and Simmons is one of the most important players in the conference. In fact, we should just pencil Simmons in for the All-Star Game.
西蒙斯在东部的竞争似乎更加轻松，他几乎作为一个新秀入选全明星替补阵容（戈兰·德拉季奇最终代替了他）。76人队非常有实力在东部来获取两个全明星的席位，西蒙斯则是其中一个最重要的球员。事实上，我们可以预见西蒙斯入选全明星的画面。
This list is full of potential first-time All-Stars, but Simmons feels almost certain given his excellence, the Sixers' prominence, and the East's dearth of stars.
名单上都是些潜在的全明星新面孔，但是西蒙斯似乎已是板上钉钉，鉴于他的优秀、76人的实力以及东部明星的缺乏。
No.3 Nikola Jokic
3.尼古拉·约基奇
Like Booker, Jokic is facing an ultra-tight West field, though the frontcourt is a little easier.
像布克一样，约基奇所处的西部竞争尤为激烈，尽管前场位置的竞争会稍微轻松些。
Jokic has two things working for him: he's a true center, of which there are few to call on for All-Star duty, and he should be the best player on what should be a good Nuggets team. Jokic has gained a lot of respect around the league, and goes into this season with some momentum after Denver's playoff near-miss last year.
约基奇手握两项优势：首先他是一个真正的内线核心，联盟目前这样的全明星级别中锋少之又少；其次，他是目前这支优秀的掘金队中最好的一位球员。约基奇在联盟备受瞩目，在经历了去年距离季后赛仅差一步之遥的遗憾又后满怀动力踏入新赛季。
No.4 Khris Middleton
4.克里斯·米德尔顿
Middleton is a really strong two-way player who puts up surprisingly good scoring numbers. If the Bucks get really good next year under new coach Mike Budenholzer, Middleton is the obvious choice for Milwaukee's second All-Star with Giannis Antetokounmpo.
米德尔顿是一位能力强大的双线球员，他的得分数据尤为震撼。如果雄鹿在新教练迈克·布登霍尔泽的带领下能更上一层楼，米德尔顿无疑会成为继字母哥之后密尔沃基第二个全明星球员。
No.5 Aaron Gordon
5.阿隆·戈登
That said, the Magic have a(nother) new coach in Steve Clifford, who did shepherd Kemba Walker to All-Star (and near All-NBA) status in Charlotte. Gordon has a new contract and could even have moved on to a new team by the time the actual All-Star Game comes around. If ever there were a time for Aaron Gordon to become an All-Star, that time is now.
这也就是说，史蒂夫-克里福德成为了魔术的新主帅，夏洛特黄蜂的肯巴沃克曾在他的指导下入选全明星（差点进入最佳阵容）。戈登签下了新的合同，他甚至可以选择在全明星到来之际加盟一个新的队伍。如果说戈登什么时候能够成为一名全明星球员，那就是现在。
更多精彩内容请关注微信公众号、新浪微博：篮球英文堂
The nominations for 2019's Golden Globes have been revealed in full.
2019年金球奖的提名名单已经全部揭晓。
Vice, surprisingly leads the pack with six nominations, ahead of more expected fair like A Star Is Born, The Favourite and Green Book, which all have five nominations each.
《副总统》出人意料地以六项提名领跑，超过了《一个明星的诞生》、《宠儿》和《绿皮书》这些更加备受期待的电影，这三部电影各获五项提名。
Nominations were more widely spread in the television categories, with The Assassination of Gianni Versace: American Crime Story in the lead with four nominations.
电视类奖项的提名更为广泛，《美国犯罪故事:刺杀范思哲》以四项提名领跑。
The 76th Annual Golden Globe Awards ceremony will air on 6 Jan 2019, presented by Killing Eve star Sandra Oh and Brooklyn Nine-Nine's Andy Samberg.
第76届金球奖颁奖典礼将于2019年1月6日播出，颁奖嘉宾是《杀死伊芙》女主吴珊卓和《神烦警探》中的安迪·萨姆伯格。
Golden Globes 2019 - full list of nominations:
2019年金球奖——完整提名名单：
Best Motion Picture – Drama
剧情类最佳影片
Black Panther
《黑豹》
BlacKkKlansman
《黑色党徒》
Bohemian Rhapsody
《波西米亚狂想曲》
If Beale Streat Could Talk
《假若比尔街能够讲话》
A Star Is Born
《一个明星的诞生》
Best Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy
最佳音乐/喜剧影片
Crazy Rich Asians
《摘金奇缘》
The Favourite
《宠儿》
Green Book
《绿皮书》
Mary Poppins Returns
《欢乐满人间》
Vice
《副总统》
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture - Drama
剧情类影片最佳女主角
Glenn Close, The Wife
格伦·克洛斯《贤妻》
Lady Gaga, A Star Is Born
Lady Gaga《一个明星的诞生》
Nicole Kidman, Destroyer
妮可·基德曼 《无间炼狱》
Melissa McCarthy, Can You Ever Forgive Me?
梅丽莎·麦卡西 《你能原谅我吗？》
Rosamund Pike, A Private War
罗莎曼德·派克 《私人战争》
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - Drama
剧情类影片最佳男主角
Bradley Cooper, A Star Is Born
布莱德利·库珀 《一个明星的诞生》
Willem Dafoe, At Eternity's Gate
威廉·达福《永恒之门》
Lucas Hedges, Boy Erased
卢卡斯·赫奇斯《被抹去的男孩》
Rami Malek, Bohemian Rhapsody
拉米·马雷克《波西米亚狂想曲》
John David Washington, BlacKkKlansman
约翰·大卫·华盛顿《黑色党徒》
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
电影类最佳女配角
Amy Adams, Vice
艾米·亚当斯 《副总统》
Claire Foy, First Man
克莱尔·福伊 《登月第一人》
Regina King, If Beale Street Could Talk
雷吉娜·金 《假若比尔街能够讲话》
Emma Stone, The Favourite
艾玛·斯通 《宠儿》
Rachel Weisz, The Favourite
蕾切尔·薇姿 《宠儿》
Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in any Motion Picture
电影类最佳男配角
Mahershala Ali, Green Book
马赫沙拉·阿里 《绿皮书》
Timothee Chalamet, Beautiful Boy
提莫西·查拉梅 《漂亮男孩》
Adam Driver, BlacKkKlansman
亚当·德赖弗 《黑手党徒》
Richard E Grant, Can You Ever Forgive Me?
理查德·格兰特 《你能原谅我吗》
Sam Rockwell, Vice
山姆·洛克威尔《副总统》
Best Director - Motion Picture
电影类最佳导演
Bradley Cooper, A Star Is Born
布莱德利·库珀 《一个明星的诞生》
Alfonso Cuaron, Roma
阿方索·卡隆 《罗马》
Peter Farrelly, Green Book
彼得·法雷利 《绿皮书》
Spike Lee, BlacKkKlansman
斯派克·李 《黑色党徒》
Adam McKay, Vice
亚当·麦凯 《副总统》
Best Performance by an Actor in a Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy
音乐/喜剧类影片最佳男主角
Christian Bale, Vice
克里斯蒂安·贝尔 《副总统》
Lin-Manuel Miranda, Mary Poppins Returns
林-曼努尔·米兰达《欢乐满人间》
Viggo Mortensen, Green Book
维果·莫特森 《绿皮书》
Robert Redford, The Old Man and the Gun
罗伯特·雷德福 《老人和枪》
John C Reilly, Stan & Ollie
约翰·C·赖利 《斯坦和奥利》
Best Performance by an Actress in a Motion Picture - Musical or Comedy
音乐/喜剧类影片最佳女主角
Emily Blunt, Mary Poppins Returns
艾米莉·布朗特 《欢乐满人间》
Olivia Colman, The Favourite
奥莉薇娅·柯尔曼 《宠儿》
Charlize Theron, Tully
查理兹·塞隆《塔利》
Elsie Fisher, Eighth Grade
艾尔西·费舍尔 《八年级》
Constance Wu, Crazy Rich Asians
吴恬敏 《摘金奇缘》
Best Motion Picture - Foreign Language
电影类最佳外语片
Capernaum
《迦百农》
Girl
《女孩》
Never Look Away
《无主之作》
Roma
《罗马》
Shoplifters
《小偷家族》
Best Screenplay - Motion Picture
电影类最佳剧本
Roma
《罗马》
The Favourite
《宠儿》
If Beale Street Could Talk
《假若比尔街能够讲话》
Vice
《副总统》
Green Book
《绿皮书》
Best Motion Picture - Animated
最佳动画电影
Incredibles 2
《超人总动员2》
Isle of Dogs
《犬之岛》
Marai
《未来的未来》
Ralph Breaks the Internet
《无敌破坏王2：大闹互联网》
Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse
《蜘蛛侠：平行宇宙》
Best Original Score - Motion Picture
电影最佳原创配乐
A Quiet Place
《寂静之地》
Isle of Dogs
《犬之岛》
Black Panther
《黑豹》
First Man
《登月第一人》
Mary Poppins Returns
《欢乐满人间》
Best Original Song - Motion Picture
电影最佳原创歌曲
"All the Stars", Black Panther
All the Stars《黑豹》
"Girl in the Movies", DUMPLIN'
Girl in the Movies《饺子公主》
"Requiem for a Private War", A Private War
Requiem for a Private War《私人战争》
"Revelation", Boy Erased
Revelation《被抹去的男孩》
"Shallow", A Star Is Born
Shallow《一个明星的诞生》
Best Television Series - Drama
剧情类最佳剧集
The Americans
《美国谍梦》
Bodyguard
《贴身保镖》
Homecoming
《归途》
Killing Eve
《杀死伊芙》
Pose
《姿态》
Best Performance by an Actress In A Television Series - Drama
剧情类剧集最佳女主角
Catriona Balfe, Outlander
凯特瑞娜·巴尔夫《古战场传奇》
Elisabeth Moss, The Handmaid's Tale
伊丽莎白·莫斯 《使女的故事》
Sandra Oh, Killing Eve
吴珊卓 《杀死伊芙》
Julia Roberts, Homecoming
朱莉娅·罗伯茨 《归途》
Keri Russell, The Americans
凯丽·拉塞尔 《美国谍梦》
Best Performance by an Actor In A Television Series - Drama
剧情类剧集最佳男主角
Jason Bateman, Ozark
杰森·贝特曼 《黑钱胜地》
Stephan James, Homecoming
斯蒂芬·詹姆斯 《归途》
Richard Madden, Bodyguard
理查德·麦登 《贴身保镖》
Billy Porter, Pose
比利·波特 《姿态》
Matthew Rhys, The Americans
马修·瑞斯 《美国谍梦》
Best Television Series - Musical or Comedy
最佳音乐/喜剧剧集
Barry
《巴瑞》
Good Place
《善地》
Kidding
《开玩笑》
Kaminsky Method
《柯明斯基理论》
Marvelous Mrs Maisel
《了不起的麦瑟尔夫人》
Best Performance by an Actress in a Television Series - Musical or Comedy
音乐/喜剧类剧集最佳女主角
Kristen Bell, The Good Place
克里斯汀·贝尔 《善地》
Candice Bergen, Murphy Brown
坎迪斯·伯根 《风云女郎》
Allison Brie, GLOW
爱丽森·布里 《美女摔角联盟》
Rachel Brosnahan, The Marvelous Mrs Maisel
蕾切尔·布罗斯纳安 《了不起的麦瑟尔夫人》
Debra Messing, Will & Grace
黛博拉·梅辛 《威尔和格蕾丝》
Best Performance by an Actor in a Television Series - Musical or Comedy
音乐/喜剧类剧集最佳男主角?
Sacha Baron Cohen, Who Is America?
萨莎·拜伦·科恩 《谁是美国？》
Jim Carrey, Kidding
金·凯瑞 《开玩笑》
Michael Douglas, The Kominsky Method
迈克尔·道格拉斯 《柯明斯基理论》
Donald Glover, Atlanta Robbin' Season
唐纳德·格洛沃 《亚特兰大》
Bill Hader, Barry
比尔·哈德尔 《巴瑞》
Best Television Limited Series or Motion Picture Made for Television
最佳限定剧/电视电影
The Alienist
《沉默的天使》
The Assassination of Gianni Versace
《刺杀范哲思》
Escape from Dannemore
《逃离丹尼莫拉 》
Sharp Objects
《利器》
A Very English Scandal
《英国式丑闻》
Best Performance by an Actress in a Limited Series or a Motion Picture Made for Television
限定剧/电视电影最佳女主角
Amy Adams, Sharp Objects
艾米·亚当斯《利器》
Patricia Arquette, Escape at Dannemora
帕特丽夏·阿奎特《逃离丹尼莫拉 》
Connie Britton, Dirty John
康妮·布里登《肮脏真相》
Laura Dern, The Tale
劳拉·邓恩《信笺故事 》
Regina King, Seven Seconds
雷吉娜·金《七秒》
Best Performance by an Actor in a Limited Series or a Motion Picture Made for Television
限定剧/电视电影最佳男主角
Antonio Banderas, Genius: Picasso
安东尼奥·班德拉斯 《天才》
Daniel Bruhl, The Alienist
丹尼尔·布鲁赫 《沉默的天使》
Darren Criss, The Assassination of Gianni Versace
达伦·克里斯 《刺杀范哲思》
Benedict Cumberbatch, Patrick Melrose
本尼迪克特·康伯巴奇 《梅尔罗斯》
Hugh Grant, A Very English Scandal
休·格兰特 《英国式丑闻》
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Limited Series or a Motion Picture Made for Television
限定剧/电视电影最佳男配角
Alan Arkin, The Kominsky Method
艾伦·阿金《柯明斯基理论》
Kieran Culkin, Succession
基南·卡尔金《继承之战》
Edgar Ramirez, The Assassination of Gianni Versace
埃德加·拉米雷兹《刺杀范哲思》
Ben Whishaw, A Very English Scandal
本·威士肖《英国式丑闻》
Henry Winkler, Barry
亨利·温克勒《巴瑞》
Best Performance by an Actress in a Supporting Role in a Limited Series or a Motion Picture Made for Television
限定剧/电视电影最佳女配角
Alex Borstein, The Marvelous Mrs Maisel
艾利克斯·布诺斯町 《了不起的麦瑟尔夫人》
Patricia Clarkson, Sharp Objects
派翠西娅·克拉克森 《利器》
Penelope Cruz, The Assassination of Gianni Versace
佩内洛普·克鲁兹 《刺杀范哲思》
Thandie Newton, Westworld
桑迪·牛顿 《西部世界》
Yvonne Strahovski, The Handmaid's Tale
伊冯娜·斯特拉霍夫斯基 《使女的故事》
Lady Gaga's performance in A Star is Born has landed her a best actress nomination at the Golden Globes.
凭借在《一个明星的诞生》当中的表演，Lady Gaga获得了金球奖最佳女演员的提名。
Bradley Cooper is also nominated for his direction of and performance in the musical remake.
布莱德利·库珀也因其在该音乐片中的执导和表演而获得提名。
Rosamund Pike is nominated for best actress in a film drama, alongside Lady Gaga, for her role in A Private War.
裴淳华因出演电影《私人战争》而与Lady Gaga一起被提名为剧情类电影的最佳女主角。
Olivia Colman, meanwhile, will compete for the best actress in a film musical or comedy award with Emily Blunt, shortlisted for playing the title role in Mary Poppins Returns.
与此同时，奥利维娅·科尔曼将与艾米莉·布朗特一起竞争音乐/喜剧电影最佳女主角。艾米莉·布朗特是凭借在《爱·满人间》中担任主角而入围的。
Blunt said she was "blown away and over the moon" to receive her sixth Golden Globe nomination, adding that she was "delighted in playing every aspect of this extraordinary and iconic character."
布朗特称，第六次获得金球奖提名让她“欣喜若狂”，她还表示自己“很高兴扮演这个非凡而又具有标志性的角色。”
"The entire experience working on it was spellbinding and that's largely to do with the incomparable director Rob Marshall who took on this project with great love, depth and courage in his heart."
“整个拍摄过程引人入胜，这在很大程度上要归功于优秀的罗伯·马歇尔导演，他怀着极大的热爱、投入和勇气接下了这个项目。”
French authorities are investigating payments worth about $2m to a company linked to the son of former world athletics chief Lamine Diack over alleged connections to Japan’s successful bid to host the 2020 Olympic Games.
法国当局正在调查与国际田联(IAAF)前主席拉明?迪亚克(Lamine Diack)之子有关的一家公司收到的价值约200万美元的款项，这件事据称牵涉到日本成功申办2020年奥运会。
A first alleged payment in July 2013 and a second one three months later were made under the title of “Tokyo 2020 Olympic Game Bid” from a Japanese bank account to a Singapore account held by Black Tidings, the French financial prosecutor’s office said in a statement yesterday. Black Tidings is reported to have links to Papa Massata Diack, son of Lamine Diack.
法国金融检察官办公室周四在一份声明中表示，第一笔涉案款项在2013年7月支付，第二笔在三个月后支付，其汇款事由一栏都写着“东京2020年奥运会申办”，它们都从一个日本的银行账户汇至Black Tidings在新加坡持有的一个账户。Black Tidings据报道与迪亚克的儿子帕帕?马萨塔?迪亚克(Papa Massata Diack)有关联。
The probe will put pressure on the International Olympic Committee (IOC), which reformed its bid process after becoming engulfed in a bribery scandal related to the 2002 Salt Lake City Winter Games.
这场调查将给国际奥委会(IOC)带来压力。在被卷入与2002年盐湖城冬奥会有关的一场贿赂丑闻后，国际奥委会曾改革其申办过程。
The International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), already dealing with doping scandals involving countries such as Russia and Kenya, banned Papa Massata Diack from the sport for life in January following an investigation into corruption at the organisation. It is also continuing to probe the activities of Lamine Diack during his leadership of the IAAF.
已经在对付不止一场兴奋剂丑闻（涉及俄罗斯和肯尼亚等国）的国际田联，今年1月对帕帕?马萨塔?迪亚克发出这项运动的终身禁令，此前该组织就腐败行为进行了调查。国际田联还在继续调查拉明?迪亚克在执掌该组织期间的活动。
Lawyers for Mr Diack senior did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The younger Mr Diack, who lives in Senegal, could also not be reached for comment.
拉明?迪亚克的律师没有立即回应记者的置评请求。记者联系不上居住在塞内加尔的帕帕?马萨塔?迪亚克请其置评。
Japan’s Olympic organisers, police and central government have scotched media reports that have questioned the bidding process for the 2020 Tokyo games. Yoshihide Suga, the government’s chief spokesman, said he had “no thought” of Tokyo launching its own investigation into bribery claims surrounding the country’s bid. “It is understood that the bidding for the Olympic Games was done cleanly,” he said.
日本的奥运会组织者、警方和中央政府都驳斥了质疑2020年东京奥运会申办过程的媒体报道。内阁官房长官菅义伟(Yoshihide Suga)表示，他“没有想过”东京方面要对涉及该国申办过程的贿赂指控展开调查。“据了解，奥运会申办过程是廉洁的，”他说。
The French prosecutor is also investigating allegations of bribes to cover up positive Russian doping tests by the IAAF when Lamine Diack was president. He stepped down as president in November last year. He was a member of the IOC between 1999 and 2013.
法国检察官也在调查关于拉明?迪亚克担任主席期间，国际田联掩盖俄罗斯运动员阳性药检结果的指控。迪亚克在去年11月离职。1999年至2013年期间他是国际奥委会成员。
The prosecutor’s office has started a separate inquiry into the Japanese payments, over suspicions of corruption and money laundering in connection with the bidding process for the 2020 Olympics. The investigation, led by three judges, is continuing.
法国检方对日本的汇款启动了另一项调查，针对与2020年奥运会申办过程有关的腐败和洗钱嫌疑。由三名法官牵头的这场调查仍在进行中。
A spokesman for the prosecutor said the judges leading the new investigation were the same ones leading the separate probe into the IAAF allegations.
检方发言人证实，牵头新调查的法官就是对涉及国际田联的指控展开调查的那些法官。
The allegations are the latest torment for the Japanese Olympic organising committee, which has been forced to scrap the late Zaha Hadid’s design for the main stadium in Tokyo because the projected costs ran too high, and to tear up the main logo for the games after allegations the design was plagiarised.
这些指控对日本奥组委来说是最新的折磨。此前该组织已被迫放弃已故的扎哈?哈迪德(Zaha Hadid)的东京主场馆设计方案（原因是该方案预计成本太高），并被迫放弃了东京奥运会的主要标识（该设计被指控抄袭）。
In a more recent blow this week, the president of one of Japan’s most prestigious women’s universities condemned as sexist and anachronistic a song written by Yasushi Akimoto, a professional songwriter who sits on the executive board for the Tokyo Olympics.
日本奥组委本周受到的另一个打击是，日本最负盛名的女子大学之一的校长谴责由专业歌词作者秋元康(Yasushi Akimoto)作词的一首歌性别歧视和落后于时代；秋元康是东京奥运会理事。
On Wednesday, a report in UK newspaper The Guardian questioned the legitimacy of Tokyo’s success in securing the games, suggesting votes may have been bought during the selection process. Hikariko Ono, a spokeswoman for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic organisers, said the committee had “no means of knowing these allegations. We believe that the games were awarded to Tokyo because the city presented the best bid.”
周三，英国《卫报》(The Guardian)质疑东京成功申办奥运会的合法性，暗示有人可能在遴选过程中收买了选票。2020年东京奥运会组委会发言人小野日子(Hikariko Ono)表示，该委员会“无从知道这些指控。我们相信，东京获得举办资格，是因为这个城市提交了最佳申办方案”。
But she added Japan would respond “properly” should it receive any requests from the French authorities.
但她补充说，如果日本接到法国当局的任何请求，它将作出“恰当”回应。
The IAAF declined to comment. The IOC said: “The IOC’s chief ethics and compliance officer will continue to be in contact with all interested parties to clarify any alleged improper conduct.”
国际田联拒绝发表评论。国际奥委会表示：“国际奥委会的首席道德与合规官将继续与有关各方接触，以澄清任何受到指控的不当行为。”
The allegations have come to light amid renewed scrutiny of Tokyo’s governor, Yoichi Masuzoe, who faces questions over huge spending on official trips overseas and the heavy use of Tokyo metropolitan government vehicles to visit his holiday home.
这些指控浮出水面之际，东京都知事舛添要一(Yoichi Masuzoe)再次受到密切关注，他面临着不少质疑，包括在海外公务旅行时开销巨大，以及大量使用市政府的公车去自己的度假屋。
While the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea are just around the corner, attention is already turning to the 2020 Summer Olympics and Paralympics in Tokyo, Japan as reports indicate that facial recognition will be used as a security measure at those games.
尽管2018韩国平昌冬奥会近在眼前，人们的关注点却已经转移到了2020年在日本东京举办的夏季奥运会和残奥会上，因为有报道称，东京奥运会将采用“刷脸”作为安保措施。
The Japan Times reported that sources confirmed the technology would be used to "streamline the entry of athletes, officials and journalists to the games venues."
《日本时报》报道称，消息人士证实，人脸识别技术将被用来“精简运动员、官员和记者入场的流程”。
While spectators won't be subject to the recognition treatment, the number of people from the groups that will be screened with facial recognition could total anywhere between 300,000 and 400,000, according to the Times report. The extra layer of security will come on top of ID cards that will also be handed out to those participants.
据《日本时报》报道，观众无需“刷脸”进场，不过，接受人脸识别安检的人数预计将在30万至40万间。这一额外的安检信息将被录入到身份识别卡上并发放给上述人员。
The organizing committee tested the technology at Japan's housing during the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil with moderate success though there were complaints of long waits. They hope to sort out the wait and other issues over the next 2.5 years ahead of the Tokyo Games which start in late July 2020.
在2016年巴西里约夏季奥运会期间，东京奥组委曾在日本代表团驻地测试了这一技术，结果还算成功，不过，有人抱怨等待时间太长。日本希望在未来的两年半时间内，也就是在2020年7月底东京奥运会开始前，解决等待时间过长等问题。
NEC, the company handling the technology, also tested out their gear at two Brazil airports during the 2016 Olympics and is behind numerous other similar projects, including software used by the Chicago Police.
在2016年里约奥运会期间，研发这一技术的日本电气股份有限公司还在巴西的两个机场测试了他们的人脸识别设备，并为其他几个类似的项目提供了技术支持，其中包括芝加哥警方使用的软件。
Facial recognition is becoming more and more prevalent and the Olympics are just the latest arena to use them for security purposes. Other examples of planned or implemented facial recognition tech in use include robot police in China, bridges and tunnels in New York City, and more widespread (and questionable) uses by the FBI.
人脸识别的应用如今越来越普遍，奥运会只不过是出于安保目的而提供的又一个新舞台。其他已经被实施或列入计划的人脸识别技术的例子包括中国的机器人警察、美国纽约市的桥梁和隧道，还有美国联邦调查局更为普遍（也可疑）的应用。
Hell, the technology also allows you to use your fancy new phone, ration toilet paper usage, and order fast food.
人脸识别技术甚至还能让你使用你高级的新手机、让你合理使用厕纸，而且还可以点快餐。
Tiantan Park, home to the iconic Temple of Heaven, is now home to six high-tech dispensers that mete out toilet paper only after conducting a facial scan, The Beijing News reported.
《新京报》报道，天坛公园启用六台高科技出纸机，只有在实行脸部扫描之后才会出纸。
The pilot program kicked off after authorities faced an increasing number of local residents raiding the park's restrooms for toilet paper.
公园管理处发现多起当地居民从公园卫生间掠取厕纸的行为，之后便推出了上述试点项目。
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is considering moving the rowing and canoeing events at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics to South Korea in an attempt to cut soaring costs.
国际奥组委正考虑将2020年东京奥运会的赛艇及皮划艇赛事移至韩国举办，以削减不断上升的成本。
Tokyo Governor Yuriko Koike, who took office in August, ordered a review of Olympic expenses.
今年8月走马上任的东京都知事小池百合子此前要求对奥运开支进行审核。
Last month, the review panel recommended changing three venues in an effort to rein in costs projected to hit 3 trillion yen - some four times the initial estimates made when Tokyo won the right to host the Games.
上个月，审核小组建议更换3个场馆以控制可能高达3万亿日元的成本。这一数字约是东京赢得奥运会主办权时最初所估算成本的4倍。
If IOC and Japan fail to reach an agreement on the Tokyo site, known as the Sea Forest Waterway, the IOC would consider hosting the events in the South Korean city of Chungju, where rowing events were held for the 2014 Asian Games.
若国际奥组委和日本无法就东京场地"海之森水上竞技场"达成共识，国际奥委会将考虑在韩国城市忠州举办这些赛事。2014年亚运会的赛艇赛事就是在忠州举办的。
Koike said she was still reviewing the venue changes and would make a decision by the end of the month.
小池百合子表示，她仍在审度场馆更换问题，将于月底前做出决定。
Japan's sports minister, Hirokazu Matsuno, said last Tuesday that "venues for the Olympics should be located inside the host country".
不过日本体育部部长松野博一在上周二表示，奥运场馆应设立在举办国国内。
The Guardian alleges a payment of about 1m pounds was paid into the account during the race to host the 2020 Games.
近日英国《卫报》声称，在2020年奥运会主办地申办的投票过程中，曾有一笔100万英镑的贿金打入了某账户当中。
In March, French prosecutors investigating corruption in athletics widened their scope to include the bidding and voting processes for the hosting of the 2016 and 2020 Olympics. The British newspaper says French police are believed to be studying the allegation.
在今年3月份，法国检察机关将其针对田径领域腐败现象调查的范围扩大到了2016年和2020年奥运会主办国的竞标和投票阶段。据《卫报》表示，法国警察正在对此进行调查。
In a statement, the IOC said it had been "in contact with the French magistrates in charge of the investigation on the IAAF case, and with Wada, since its start".
国际奥委会在一份声明中表示，该机构从最一开始便同调查国际田径联合会案件的法国司法机关以及世界反兴奋剂组织保持着联系。
It added: "The IOC's chief ethics and compliance officer will continue to be in contact with all interested parties to clarify any alleged improper conduct. The IOC will not comment any further on the elements of the investigations at this stage."
该声明补充说道：“国际奥委会负责道德和行为准则的官员将继续同相关团体保持联系，以查清任何可能涉嫌的不当行为。在当前阶段，国际奥委会将不会进行更多的评论。”
A first alleged payment in July 2013 and a second one three months later were made under the title of "Tokyo 2020 Olympic Game Bid" from a Japanese bank account to a Singapore account held by Black Tidings, the French financial prosecutor's office said in a statement. Black Tidings is reported to have links to Papa Massata Diack, son of Lamine Diack.
法国金融检察官办公室在一份声明中表示，第一笔涉案款项在2013年7月支付，第二笔在三个月后支付，其汇款事由一栏都写着“东京2020年奥运会申办”，它们都从一个日本的银行账户汇至Black Tidings公司在新加坡持有的一个账户。Black Tidings公司据报道与迪亚克的儿子帕帕·马萨塔·迪亚克有关联。
Wada's independent commission said it did not investigate the claims "for it was not within our remit".
不过，世界反兴奋剂组织独立委员会表示，并未对此进行调查，“因为这项调查不属于其职权范围”。
China will become the biggest cross-border investor by the end of this decade, with global offshore assets tripling from $6.4tn at present to nearly $20tn by 2020, say researchers.
研究人员称，到2020年中国将成为世界最大跨境投资者，全球离岸资产将增至现有水平的三倍，即从目前的6.4万亿美元增至近20万亿美元。
While much of the total will be in the form of foreign exchange reserves and portfolio investment, a growing share will come from direct Chinese investment in western-developed countries, according to a joint report by the economic research company Rhodium Group and the Berlin-based Mercator Institute for China Studies.
由经济研究公司荣鼎咨询(Rhodium Group)和柏林墨卡托中国研究中心(Mercator Institute for China Studies)联合发表的一份报告表示，虽然上述总数中的相当大一部分将以外汇储备和组合投资为形式，但中国对西方发达国家的直接投资将占据越来越大的份额。
Based on the experiences of other countries, China’s global stock of outbound foreign direct investment, which includes investing in corporate mergers, acquisitions and start-ups, will increase from $744bn to as much as $2tn by 2020.
根据其他国家的经验，中国在全球的对外直接投资(FDI)存量（包括对企业兼并、收购和初创企业的投资）将从7440亿美元增至2020年的高达2万亿美元。
The report’s projections are valuable because official cross-border outbound FDI statistics from China and recipient countries are widely seen as being of poor quality and do not give an accurate picture of real investment flows. In barely a decade, Chinese outbound FDI has gone from almost nothing to $100bn a year, making it one of the three biggest exporters of direct investment globally.
该报告的预测是有价值的，因为来自中国及其对外直接投资目的地国家的官方跨境统计数据被广泛视为质量低劣，不能准确反映实际投资流动。在短短10年里，中国的对外直接投资从几乎为零增至每年1000亿美元，使它成为全球三大直接投资输出国之一。
Europe, in particular, has welcomed the Chinese largesse with open arms, especially in the wake of the global financial crisis and sluggish eurozone economic growth.
欧洲特别欢迎中国方面的出手阔绰，尤其是在全球金融危机爆发和欧元区经济增长陷入低迷之后。
However, the report warns that surging Chinese investment will also require a change in attitude from recipient markets and their politicians to take full advantage of the opportunities and contain the risks.
然而，该报告警告说，来自中国的投资大幅增长，也将需要此类投资的目的地市场和政治人物改变态度，以在充分利用机遇的同时遏制风险。
“Characteristics such as the size, growth and complementarity of the Chinese economy create unique opportunities for Europe,” the report’s authors said.
“中国经济的规模、增长和互补等特征，为欧洲带来一些独特机遇，”报告作者们表示。
“At the same time, some specific concerns that are related to the nature of China’s political and economic system, for example subsidies, China’s authoritarian political system and lack of openness to [foreign direct investment] in China, create particular challenges.”
“与此同时，有关中国政治和经济制度性质的某些具体关切，比如补贴，比如中国的威权政治体制以及中国本身对（外商直接投资）缺乏开放性，也带来一些特殊的挑战。”
While early Chinese investments focused on energy and natural resource assets in developing countries, investors are now looking to the US and Europe for opportunities.
虽然早期的中国对外投资集中于发展中国家的能源和自然资源资产，但投资者目前转向美国和欧洲物色机会。
Between 2000 and 2014, Chinese companies spent 46bn on 1,047 direct investments in the 28 EU countries, with most of the transactions coming in since the 2008-09 global financial crisis.
2000年至2014年期间，中国企业斥资460亿欧元，在欧盟28个国家进行了1047项直接投资，其中大部分交易是在2008-09年全球金融危机爆发以来做成的。
The UK is by far the biggest recipient of Chinese direct investment, with a cumulative total of 12.2bn over that period. Germany is second with 6.9bn and France third with 5.9bn.
英国遥遥领先地得到了最多的中国对外直接投资，在上述期间累计得到122亿欧元。德国位居第二，得到69亿欧元，法国排在第三位，得到59亿欧元。
Following a drop in 2013 to 6bn, from more than 7bn each year in 2011 and 2012, Chinese investment in Europe came surging back in 2014, reaching a record high of 14bn for the whole year.
中国对欧洲的直接投资在2011年和2012年都超过70亿欧元，2013年回落至60亿欧元，但在2014年强劲反弹，创下140亿欧元的纪录。
Europe’s energy, automotive, food and real estate sectors attracted the most Chinese money.
欧洲的能源、汽车、食品和地产等行业吸引了最多的中国资金。
Despite the recent sharp rise and heady predictions for Chinese outbound investment in the future, the country is still trying to catch up.
中国的对外直接投资尽管近年迅猛上涨，而且未来预测令人头晕目眩，但实际上中国仍在努力追赶。
“China is so unique and important because it is already a major global investor and it has the potential to become the single most important driver of global FDI growth over the next decade,” the report said.
“中国如此独特如此重要，因为它已经是一个重要的全球投资者，并有望成为未来10年全球FDI增长的最重要驱动因素，”该报告称。
While China is the world’s biggest trader of goods, its share of global financial cross-border assets and liabilities barely reached 3.4 per cent by 2011.
尽管中国是世界上最大的商品贸易国，但其2011年在全球金融跨境资产及负债所占份额只达到3.4%。
Today, its stock of outbound FDI as a proportion of gross domestic product stands at just 7 per cent, compared with 38 per cent for the US, 20 per cent for Japan and 47 per cent for Germany.
如今，中国的对外直接投资存量占国内生产总值(GDP)之比只有区区7%，相比之下，美国的这个比率为38%，日本达到20%，德国达到47%。
Chinese language will be included in the Russian Unified State Exam by 2020 as a foreign language subject, said the director of the Federal Service for the Supervision of Education and Science (Rosobrnadzor), a federal executive body overseeing education and science of Russia, according to a report.
一则报道称，俄罗斯联邦教育和科学监督局（该部门是一个监督俄罗斯教育和科学的联邦机构）的主任表示，在2020年，中文将会作为一门外语纳入俄罗斯国家统一考试体系之中。
As reported, it is planned to integrate Chinese in the final exam of the 9th grade in 2018, and to include it into the Unified State Exam for the 11th grade students to pass for entering university by 2020.
据报道，俄罗斯计划在2018年把中文整合进9年级学生的期末考试之中，2020年时将中文纳入11年级学生大学入学的国家统一考试之中。
The current plan for the integrating of Chinese language into state exams has been undergoing various tests in multiple regions and schools in Russia.
目前，整合中文进入国家统一考试的计划已经在俄罗斯多个地区和多所学校进行了多项测试。
Unified State Exam of Russia is a series of exams high school graduates to take for higher education and foreign language is currently an elective subject, with an available choice of English, French, German, and Spanish.
俄罗斯国家统一考试是高中毕业生接受更高教育所必须要参加的一系列考试，而外语目前是其中一项选修科目，可选择的包括英语、法语、德语和西班牙语。
The data from Federal Service for the Supervision of Education and Science (Rosobrnadzor) shows that as of now, Chinese language is being taught as a subject in 123 state primary and secondary schools in Russia, with a total of more than 17,000 students studying the language.
据俄罗斯联邦教育和科学监督局的数据显示，截至目前，中文作为一门科目，已经在俄罗斯123个州立小学和中学中被教授，超过17000名学生正在学习这门语言。
By 2020, there will be about 38 million to 40 million too few college and university graduates to satisfy the demands of the global labor market, a report issued this month has found.
本月公布的最新报告显示，到2020年，高校毕业生的数量将无法满足就业市场的需求。届时，全球高校毕业生的缺口将达3800万到4000万。
At the same time, there will be a surplus of up to 95 million low-skill workers globally, according to the study, conducted by the McKinsey Global Institute.
由麦肯锡全球研究所最新发布的这份报告同时指出，全球低技能工人届时将过剩9500万人。
The report bases its estimates on the projection of a global work force of 3.5 billion by the year 2020, compared with 2.9 billion today.
预计到2020年，全球劳动力将达到35亿，目前这一数字为29亿。该报告的预测正是基于这一组数据对比得出的。
"Unemployment for less skilled workers is currently running two to three times that of those skilled workers with university or post-graduate degrees," said Richard Dobbs, one of the authors of the report.
该报告的作者之一理查德-多布兹说："目前低技能工人的失业率是高校毕业生出身的技术员工的2到3倍。"
China will have to increase its educated work force in order to fulfill its need for 23 million high-skill workers by 2020, the report said.
报告指出，中国必须增加受过教育的劳动力人数。到2020年，中国对此类劳动力的需要量将达到2300万。
Despite the old stereotype about arts majors, Americans and Canadians with arts degrees are by and large employed and happy with their work, according to a new report released last week by the Strategic National Arts Alumni Project at Indiana University.
根据印第安纳大学国家战略艺术校友项目中心上周发布的最新报告，尽管人们对人文艺术类专业存在偏见，但美国和加拿大的人文艺术类毕业生基本全部就业，而且对工作很满意。
The report, titled "A Diverse Palette," considered degrees in performance, design, architecture, creative writing, music composition, choreography, film, illustration and fine art. It found that 87 percent of arts alumni who are working are content with their jobs, whether or not they work as artists, and that 82 percent of respondents felt they brought creativity to their jobs.
这份报告名为《多样的调色板》，谈及表演、设计、建筑、创意写作、作曲、舞蹈、电影、插图、美术等专业。调查发现，不论是否成为了艺术家，87%的人文艺术类毕业生都对他们的工作很满意。82%的人表示，工作中充满创造性。
The specific discipline played an important role in employability, the study suggested. For example, 82 percent of those with a dance degree said they had worked or were working as an artist. That was only true of 30 percent with art history degrees. Many arts graduates became involved in education: 57 percent of arts graduates have taught at some point in their career, and 27 percent are doing so currently, the report found.
调查显示，具体学科对就业非常重要。比如，82%有舞蹈学位的人表示他们曾经或者正在从事艺术工作。而在有艺术史学位的受访者中这一数字仅有30%。很多人文艺术类毕业生从事教育工作：57%的人文艺术类毕业生曾从教，27%的毕业生目前正从事这一职业。
The national environmental watchdog has declared that boosting efforts to cut air pollution in northern China, especially winter smog from the burning of coal, is a mission for this year.
国家环保总局近日宣布，将努力减少中国北方的空气污染，特别是要减少冬季燃烧煤炭产生的烟雾，是今年的主要任务。
Beijing has declared that it will wipe out coal use in its most rural areas by 2020.
北京市近日宣布，到2020年，北京大部分农村地区将实现"无煤化"。
As much as "60 percent of smog content is caused by coal burning in the starting phase of each smog", said Fang Li, an official with Beijing's Environmental Protection Bureau.
北京市环保局官员方力表示，百分之60的烟雾是在燃烧煤炭的开始阶段产生的。
To start with, Beijing will replace coal-fired heating stoves with those powered by electricity or gas in 400 villages this year, before taking the campaign to the districts of Chaoyang, Haidian, Fengtai and Shijingshan by 2017, said Guo Zihua, a municipal rural development official.
新农办村镇建设处官员郭子华表示，第一步，在2016年，全市400个村庄的燃煤采暖炉将替换成电采暖或燃气采暖装置。2017年，朝阳、海淀、丰台、石景山区也都将推广这一行动。
Beijing's downtown districts of Dongcheng and Xicheng eliminated coal burning last year, officials said.
官方报道，去年北京市核心区(东城、西城)已经实现"无煤化"。
The capital and other places in northern China experienced several smog alerts in November and December, when peak readings were many times higher than the national safety level.
首都北京和其他北方地区在11月和12月经受了数次的雾霾侵袭，峰值数据是国家限定指数的很多倍。
Burning coal for winter heating has been listed as one of the primary causes of air pollution, Chen Jining, minister of environmental protection, said on Monday at the annual meeting on environmental protection in Beijing.
环保部部长陈吉宁周一在于北京召开的年度环境保护工作会议上表示，冬季燃煤取暖已被列为空气污染的主要原因之一。
China has issued a guideline calling for an "ecological red line" around areas where development is prohibited, with the nationwide initiative expected to be completed by 2020, the central government said in a statement.
根据中央政府日前发布的声明，我国已发布一份意见，要求在禁止开发区域附近划定“生态保护红线”，这项国家倡议预计于2020年前完成。
The Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region and provinces along the Yangtze River will take the lead in drawing the red line to protect the environment by the end of this year.
2017年年底前，京津冀区域、长江沿线省份将率先划定生态保护红线，以保护环境。
By 2030, China will see the system working effectively, with noticeable improvements in ecological functions across the country, the statement said.
根据声明，到2030年，生态保护红线制度将有效实施，全国生态功能显著提升。
The regions mapped out by the "ecological red line", which are of critical importance for the protection of water, soil, forestry and biodiversity, should be strictly protected and free from development or exploitation, according to the statement.
声明指出，划定生态保护红线的区域对保护水土、森林、生物多样性都至关重要，应严格保护、禁止开发开采。
"The ecological red line aims to safeguard national ecological security," the statement said, adding that the country must closely monitor it.
该声明称：“这一生态保护红线旨在维护国家的生态安全”，并表示国家必须对此密切监控。
"I think it is appropriate for the country to keep 35 percent of its territory inside the ecological red line to better protect the environment," Ouyang Zhiyun, director of the Chinese Academy of Sciences' Center for Environmental Studies, said last Tuesday.
中国科学院环境研究中心主任欧阳志云上周二表示：“我认为我国应将国土面积35%的区域确定为国家生态保护红线，以更好地保护环境。”
Ouyang said he is confident that provinces will reach their targets for drawing the red line and environmental protection because of the growing attention the system is receiving and other supplementary policies that will support its implementation.
欧阳志云称，自己相信各省都会达到制定红线和保护环境的目标，因为该制度受到了越来越多的关注，此外还有其他一些支持其执行的补充政策。
The National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) has released a new regulation over the charging standards for urban household garbage disposal to promote sustainable development.
近日，国家发展和改革委员会出台了一项城市垃圾处理收费相关标准的新规，以促进可持续发展。
Faced with rising population and shortages of natural resources, the government plans to build a national-level pricing framework to guide enterprises' behavior in order to curb environmental damage while trying to keep the economy afloat.
面对日益严重的污染和短缺的自然资源，政府计划建立一个国家级的计费体系，引导企业行为，从而遏制对环境的破坏，同时努力维持经济的发展。
The regulation said the charges for solid waste treatment should cover the cost and ensure a reasonable profit while efforts will be increased to support sorting, reducing, recycling, and harmless disposal of garbage.
新规中指出，固体废物处理收费应覆盖成本，确保合理的收益，同时加大对垃圾分类、垃圾减量、垃圾循环利用和无害处理的支持。
Cities and towns will establish a comprehensive charging system for collecting and processing household waste by 2020, and local governments are also encouraged to introduce measures to attract the participation of enterprises, according to the NDRC.
发改委称，到2020年，将建立回收和处理城镇生活垃圾的综合收费制度，还将鼓励地方政府引入吸引企业参与其中的措施。
Different charges will be levied against sorted and unsorted garbage while non-resident users and some eligible residents will pay according to a metering system, said the regulation.
该规定称，对已分类和未分类的垃圾将收取不同的费用，而非居民用户和一些符合条件的居民将根据计量系统支付费用。
To promote environmental improvement, rural areas that have implemented a waste disposal system will explore a charging system with full consideration of factors such as local economic development.
为促进环境改善，在已实行垃圾处理制度的农村地区，将探索一个充分考虑如当地经济发展等因素的收费体系。
重点单词
查看全部解释
announced
[?'naunst]
想一想再看
宣布的
urban
['?:b?n]
想一想再看
adj. 城市的，都市的
联想记忆
X
单词urban 联想记忆：
urb城市+an表名词和形容词，“…地方.…人参考：suburb郊区，aub+urb→城市的
rural
['ru:r?l]
想一想再看
adj. 农村的
联想记忆
X
单词rural 联想记忆：
rur乡村+al表形容词，“…的”→乡村的
address
[?'dres]
想一想再看
n. 住址，致词，讲话，谈吐，(处理问题的)技巧
<br
conference
['k?nf?r?ns]
想一想再看
n. 会议，会谈，讨论会，协商会
联想记忆
X
单词conference 联想记忆：
con共同+fer带来，拿来+ence→商量；会议
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
commission
[k?'min]
想一想再看
n. 委员会，委托，委任，佣金，犯罪
vt.
联想记忆
X
单词commission 联想记忆：
com共同，miss＝mit送－共同送东西到指定处－委托com共同，mission（n 使命，任务）－受了别人的委托，说明你得到了别人的信任，所以这是一种使命。
authority
[?'θ?:riti]
想一想再看
n. 权力，权威，职权，官方，当局
deputy
['depjuti]
想一想再看
adj. 代理的，副的
n. 代表，副手
联想记忆
X
单词deputy 联想记忆：
de下，put放－下放权力－代理
China has released a three-year action plan to grow the consumption of information products and services by 11% a year on average and reach 6 trillion yuan by 2020.
近日，我国发布关于扩大信息产品和服务消费的三年行动计划，计划提出，到2020年，信息产品和服务消费规模达到6万亿元，年均增长11%。
The plan, released by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and National Development and Reform Commission, said efforts will be made to let information technology play a bigger role in stimulating consumption, with the combined output of related industries expected to reach 15 trillion yuan.
这份由工业和信息化部、国家发展和改革委员会印发的计划提出，将使信息技术在刺激消费上发挥更大的作用，预计相关产业总产出将达15万亿元。
In three years, China aims to ensure 98% of rural villages have fiber optic networks and 4G mobile internet, alongside the commercial 5G network launch.
未来3年，我国98%的农村乡镇将实现光纤网络和4G移动网络覆盖的目标，此外还有商业5G网络的推出。
The country also will strengthen research and development of core technology, promote information product innovation and industrialization, and integrate the internet with medical care, pensions, education, and culture, according to the plan.
根据计划，我国还将加强对核心技术的研发，推动信息产品创新和工业化，并将互联网与医疗、养老、教育、文化相结合。
Among the specific goals, China will boost support to intelligently connected vehicles and aims to establish a reliable computing platform by 2020.
在具体目标中，中国将加大对智能网联汽车的支持力度，目标是到2020年建立一个可靠的计算平台。
Companies will also be encouraged to adopt cloud computing products and services to enhance management efficiency.
此外，企业也被鼓励采用云计算产品和服务，以提高管理效率。
China vows to have more than 70,000 soccer pitches by the year of 2020 as the country is aiming to become a soccer power in future, the government said on last Tuesday.
我国政府上周二提出，到2020年，全国足球场地数量将超过7万块，因为国家的目标是在未来成为足球强国。
One year ago the country unveiled the Overall Plan of Chinese Soccer Reform and Development. Aiming to revive the Chinese soccer, the reform plan covers almost every aspect of the sport.
一年前，我国公布了中国足球改革发展的总体规划。为了振兴中国足球，改革方案几乎涵盖了这项运动的各个方面。
At the end of 2013, China had about 10,000 fields in "quite good" condition, and there are also about 40,000 in schools and universities, which will be renovated in future, according to a plan released by the National Development and Reform Commission in conjunction with the sports and education ministries. It added that another 20,000 would be built for society.
根据国家发改委、体育总局、教育部联合发布的规划，截至2013年底，全国拥有较好条件的足球场地约1万块，学校和高校足球场地约4万块，未来将对这些场地进行修缮改造。规划指出，我国还将新建社会足球场地2万块。
Playing fields at schools and companies will be open to people of the community to use, either free or at low cost, and two new national training bases will be built, the plan said.
此外，该规划还指出，学校和企业的足球场地将以免费或低收费形式向社会开放，并将新建2个国家足球训练基地。
Professional soccer clubs will also be encouraged to open up their facilities to the communities.
政府还将鼓励职业足球俱乐部向社区开放其设施。
The government would provide funding to help build the fields while private capital would also be encouraged, it added.
该规划补充道，政府将资助场地建造，同时也鼓励社会资本参与设施建设。
China's high-speed railways will hit about 30,000 km by 2020, covering more than 80% of major cities with populations over one million people, said Lu Dongfu, general manager of China Railway Corp (CRC).
中国铁路总公司总经理陆东福日前表示，到2020年，我国高铁将达到3万公里左右，覆盖80%以上的人口逾百万的大城市。
China plans to spend 732 billion yuan on railway projects in 2018 to continue building its world-leading rail system, Lu said during the company's annual meeting.
陆东福在该公司年会上称，2018年，我国计划在铁路项目上投资7320亿元，继续建设全球领先的铁路系统。
Some 4,000 km of new tracks are planned to be put into operation in this year, and 87.5% or 3,500 km will be high-speed railway tracks, he added.
他还表示，该公司计划在今年投产新轨约4000公里，其中87.5%，即3500公里为高铁轨道。
A report released at the CRC conference suggests China's railway technology standards and equipment levels have improved significantly.
中铁总年会上发布的一份报告显示，我国铁路技术标准和设备水平已显著提高。
By the end of 2017, there were 127,000 km of rail across China, 25,000 km of which is high-speed rail, which accounts for two-thirds the world's total high-speed railway.
截至2017年年底，全国铁路营运里程达12.7万公里，其中高铁2.5万公里，占世界高铁总量的2/3。
In 2018, CRC plans to serve 3.25 billion passengers and to transport 3.02 billion tons of cargo.
2018年，中铁总计划发送旅客32.5亿人次、运送货物30.2亿吨。
重点单词
查看全部解释
commission
[k?'min]
想一想再看
n. 委员会，委托，委任，佣金，犯罪
vt.
联想记忆
X
单词commission 联想记忆：
com共同，miss＝mit送－共同送东西到指定处－委托com共同，mission（n 使命，任务）－受了别人的委托，说明你得到了别人的信任，所以这是一种使命。
covering
['k?v?ri?]
想一想再看
n. 覆盖物，遮避物 adj. 掩护的，掩盖的
reform
[ri'f?:m]
想一想再看
v. 改革，改造，革新
n. 改革，改良
联想记忆
X
单词reform 联想记忆：
re再次+form形状→再形成→改革，改造
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
branch
[brɑ:nt?]
想一想再看
n. 分支，树枝，分店，分部
v. 分支，分岔
construction
[k?n'str?kn]
想一想再看
n. 建设，建造，结构，构造，建筑物
联想记忆
X
单词construction 联想记忆：
con共同+struct建立+ion→建设
adjacent
[?'d?eisnt]
想一想再看
adj. 毗连的，邻近的，接近的
联想记忆
X
单词adjacent 联想记忆：
ad朝向，jacent躺，临近－在附近－接近的；adj＝adj 形容词是连词－毗连的
network
['netw?:k]
想一想再看
n. 网络，网状物，网状系统
vt. (
transfer
[tr?ns'f?:]
想一想再看
n. 迁移，移动，换车
v. 转移，调转，调任
联想记忆
X
单词transfer 联想记忆：
trans交换+fer带来，拿来→交换带走→转送，转移
available
[?'veil?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 可用的，可得到的，有用的，有效的
联想记忆
X
单词available 联想记忆：
avail效用。参：availability（n 可用性，实用性）
Google and Amazon were quick to put drones to use delivering orders.
谷歌和亚马逊已经开始用无人机送货，反应神速。
But new research suggests delivery is just one small way drones are going to replace humans. The tiny airborne vessels will soon clean windows on skyscrapers, verify insurance claims and spray pesticide on crops.
但最新调查显示，快递运输只是无人机将要取代人类工作的领域之一。看似瘦小的无人机很快就可以给高楼擦玻璃；核实保险索赔，还可能给农作物施肥。
The global market for drones, valued at around $2 billion today, will replace up to $127 billion worth of business services and human labour over the next four years, according to a new research by consulting firm PwC.
普华永道咨询公司最新发布调查报告预计，无人机的全球市场价值如今已接近20亿美元，到2020年，无人机将取代价值高达1270亿美元（约合8271亿元人民币）的商业服务和人工劳务工作。
Drone technology could soon become part of our everyday lives, monitoring problems with crumbling infrastructure such as cracks in tarmac, bridges and houses and even repairing them as part of $45.2 billion of infrastructure work currently done by humans.
无人机科技将很快融入我们的日常生活，监测有裂痕的基础设施的问题，比如柏油路面、桥梁和住宅的裂缝，甚至进行修复工作，进军价值452亿美元的基础设施市场，而目前这一领域基本是人工劳动。
Construction companies, amid other things, will be able to attach 3D printers to drones to produce on site-replacement parts for damaged elements of houses or roads.
建筑公司以及其它机构，未来能够将3D打印机安装在无人机上，为住宅或道路现场生成替换部件。
Drones will be able to perform most tasks at height, reducing the risk of death and injury and increasing efficiency.
大多数高空作业都适合用无人机，以减少工伤并提高效率。
In transport, one of the most promising uses of drones is predicted to be food delivery.
在运输行业，无人机最有可能“大显身手”的领域是食品速递。
“Providing products such as frozen food, ready-to-eat dishes or even daily groceries from large chains may become be the next big thing in the food and restaurant industries,” analysts at PwC said.
普华永道分析师认为，“食品餐饮行业下一步可能着眼于用无人机运输速冻食品、即食食品，甚至大型连锁店的日用品。”
As soon as regulation permits, drones will be able to decrease the time it takes to deliver food, PwC said.
普华永道称，只要规则允许，无人机就可以缩短运送食品的时间。
Google is for instance already trying to solve the problem of how to fly drones safely in yards without endangering pets or other potential obstacles.
比如，谷歌公司已经开始着手解决无人机如何安全飞过人们的院子，不威胁到宠物，也不撞到其他潜在的障碍物。
In agriculture, drones will increasingly be used to gather and analyse data on crops quickly as well as to do precise spraying on plants.
在农业方面，无人机将被更多地用于迅速收集、分析农作物数据，并精确喷洒。
Starbucks will eliminate plastic straws from its stores globally by 2020, in a nod to the growing push for businesses to be more environmentally friendly.
到2020年，星巴克将在全球门店内不再使用塑料吸管，旨在促进环保事业。
The Seattle-based company said on Monday it will instead use straws made from other materials, and lids designed not to need straws.
周一，星巴克的西雅图总部表示，未来将使用非塑料吸管，杯盖也将会设计成无需使用吸管。
McDonald's also recently said it would switch to paper straws in the UK and Ireland by next year, and test alternatives to plastic straws in some US locations. In February, Dunkin' Donuts said that it would eliminate polystyrene foam cups from its stores by 2020.
麦当劳也在近日表示将于明年把英国和爱尔兰的门店所使用的吸管全部换成纸质，美国的部分门店也将测试使用塑料替代物的效果。二月，唐恩都乐咖啡文化馆说，到2020年，该品牌将取消所有门店的泡沫橡胶杯。
Environmental activists have been pressuring businesses to ditch plastic straws because they can end up in the ocean and hurt marine life. The push gained traction after a viral video in 2015 showed rescuers removing a straw from a sea turtle's nose in graphic detail.
环保促进者一直在给各行业施压要求取缔塑料吸管，因为塑料最终会被排入海里，威胁海洋生物的生命。2015年，救援者从海龟鼻子取出塑料吸管的鲜活视频在网上疯传，此后取缔塑料吸管的运动得到巨大支持。
Local governments have also been looking at the issue. Last week, Seattle’s ban on single-use plastic straws and utensils in food service outlets took effect, and Starbucks says it already offers alternative straws there. Similar proposals are being considered elsewhere, including New York and San Francisco.
当地政府也在持续关注此事。去年，西雅图严令禁止食品业使用一次性塑料吸管和餐具，这项禁令也开始生效。星巴克已经开始提供可替代材料制成的吸管。纽约、旧金山等地也开始酝酿类似法令。
While straws have become a high-profile issue, they make up only about 4% of the plastic trash by number of pieces, and far less by weight. Straws add up to only about 2,000 tons of the nearly 9m tons of plastic waste that hits waters each year.
吸管事件近期引起较多关注，但是其实吸管所用的塑料从数量上来讲只占塑料垃圾的4%，从重量来讲远低于4%。每年，塑料吸管总量达2000吨，而污染海洋的塑料垃圾多达9百万吨。
重点单词
查看全部解释
concept
['k?nsept]
想一想再看
n. 概念，观念
outcome
['autk?m]
想一想再看
n. 结果，后果
disappointment
[.dis?'p?intm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 失望，令人失望的人或事
persistent
[p?'sist?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 固执的，坚持的，连续的
联想记忆
X
单词persistent 联想记忆：
per始终＋sis站立+ent→坚持的；顽固的
obvious
['?bvi?s]
想一想再看
adj. 明显的，显然的
联想记忆
X
单词obvious 联想记忆：
ob加强状态+vi道路+ous→就在路上→明显的
catalog
['k?t?l?:g]
想一想再看
n. 目录，大学概况手册，商品型录
vt. 做
联想记忆
X
单词catalog 联想记忆：
cata下面，log说－表明下面说什么的东西－目录
social
['s?ul]
想一想再看
adj. 社会的，社交的
n. 社交聚会
specific
[spi'sifik]
想一想再看
adj. 特殊的，明确的，具有特效的
n. 特
联想记忆
X
单词specific 联想记忆：
speci外观+fic带来→带来外观的→具体的
appreciate
[?'pri:?ieit]
想一想再看
vt. 欣赏，感激，赏识
vt. 领会，充分意
联想记忆
X
单词appreciate 联想记忆：
ap朝向，preci价值－朝向价值－欣赏
bucket
['b?kit]
想一想再看
n. 水桶
vt. 装在桶里
vi.
Ride-hailing startup Lyft announced recently that it's making its own self-driving car technology—a move that could help it meet an audacious goal of having autonomous vehicles chauffeur most of its passengers around by 2021.
叫车服务初创公司“来福车”日前宣布开发自动驾驶技术，该公司计划到2021年左右实现由无人车搭载大部分乘客，而开发自动驾驶技术有助于实现这一雄心壮志。
It sounds a bit far-fetched, considering that autonomous cars are still largely in the testing stages, but Lyft is just one of many companies saying that 2021 will be the year that these vehicles finally get out on the roads en masse.
由于无人车现在很大程度上仍处于测试阶段，所以听起来有点不太靠谱。但已有多家企业表示2021年无人车将大规模驶上道路，而来福车只是其中一家。
So, sure, it could happen. And going along with that positive line of thinking—assuming that we will, in fact, have self-driving cars in 2021—we wondered what other technological marvels and milestones await us in that magical year.
因此，这一切当然有可能发生。如果顺着这种乐观的思路继续下去，假设2021年无人车成为现实，那么还有什么技术奇迹或科技突破在这神奇的一年等着我们呢？
The answer was surprising. According to an array of predictions from tech companies and market researchers, plenty of changes are coming.
答案让人大吃一惊。根据科技公司和市场研究人员进行的一系列预测，众多变革即将到来。
Electric cars
电动汽车
When it comes to driving, 2021 won't just be about fancy robot cars; it's expected to be a year in which we'll have more electric vehicles, too. A report from Bloomberg New Energy Finance forecasts that electric vehicles will make up a little less than 4% of all car sales in the US and 5% of all car sales in Europe that year, up from 1% and 2%, respectively, this year.
谈到驾驶，2021年不仅只是高级无人车的一年，到时电动车也有望更加普及。彭博新能源财经的一份报告预测，2021年电动汽车的销量将占美国汽车总销量的近4%，在欧洲的占比将达到5%，和今年相比分别上升1%和2%。
Virtual reality
虚拟现实
Though virtual reality's first year with some powerful consumer headsets on the market, 2016, wasn't exactly a blockbuster, the technology is expected to be on a lot more faces come 2021. IDC forecasts that shipments of virtual and augmented reality headsets will rise to about 92 million in 2021, which would be close to 10 times as many as shipped out last year.
功能强大的虚拟现实头盔在2016年首次面世后并没有风靡。不过，预计2021年使用这项技术的用户将大幅增加。据国际数据公司预测，2021年虚拟现实和增强现实头盔的出货量将上升到9200万左右，这将是去年出货量的10倍。
Male birth control
男性节育
We raise an eyebrow for this one more than most, but we'll just have to wait and see: a company called Contraline is reportedly working to bring to market a form of reversible male birth control that doesn't require surgery.
男性节育比大多数事情更让人们感到意外，但是我们只需要等待观望：据报道，一家名为Contraline的公司正在努力将一种无需手术即可进行的可逆式男性节育方式推向市场。
Contraline claims it has come up with a “polymer hydrogel” that is implanted in the vas deferens—in just a few minutes with the help of an ultrasound—and is meant to block the passage of sperm for years. In April Contraline announced that it had raised $2.2 million toward its goal and that it aimed to have a product on the market in 2021.
Contraline称，他们研发出一种植入到输精管的“高分子水凝胶”，它可以将精子运输的通道堵塞数年，只需要利用超声波花几分钟即可完成。今年4月，Contraline宣布打算在2021年销售这款产品，并为实现目标筹资220万美元。
Getting online
上网
In 2021, many more of us will be able to weigh in on these amazing new technologies (whether or not they actually came to fruition).
2021年，更多人将可以对以上神奇的新技术发表评论了（不管它们是否真的实现了）。
Networking-equipment maker Cisco forecasts in its Visual Networking Index that the number of people using the Internet will climb from 3.3 billion today to 4.6 billion within four years. That would be more than half the world's population, using the United Nations' estimate of 7.8 billion by 2021.
网络设备制造商思科公司的视觉网络指数预测，4年内互联网用户将从现在的33亿人攀升至46亿人。联合国预估2021年全球人口为78亿，基于这一数字，届时互联网用户将占世界人口的一半以上。
Cheap solar power
廉价太阳能
Clean energy has been getting cheaper for a while now, and in the not-so-distant future of 2021, it is expected to finally become cheaper to use renewable power sources like solar and wind rather than coal in a number of key countries.
现在，清洁能源的价格已经越来越便宜，而在不久之后的2021年，在一些主要国家，太阳能和风能等可再生能源的价格有望低于煤炭。
While solar power—which is pricier than the other big renewable source, wind—is already comparable price-wise to coal in countries such as the US, Italy, and Germany, a recent report from Bloomberg New Energy Finance predicts that by 2021, solar power will be cheaper than coal in China, India, Mexico, Brazil, and the UK.
太阳能比风能等其他大型可再生能源要昂贵，虽然在美国、意大利、德国等国家，太阳能的价格已经比煤矿更合理，但彭博新能源财经近日的一份报告预测，到2021年，中国、印度、墨西哥、巴西和英国的太阳能将比煤矿更便宜。
Lab-grown chicken
实验室培养鸡肉
Chicken grown in a laboratory, rather than on a farm, sounds far out, but it may be here in a few years.
鸡肉在实验室培育出来，这听起来遥远，但是几年后可能就成为现实了。
And since it doesn't involve killing any fowl, it may lead to chicken nuggets that even the staunchest animal lover will nibble on.
这样的养殖方式不会杀死任何家禽，生产出的鸡块连最坚定的动物爱好者可能也会食用。
That's the hope of a company called Memphis Meats, which is planning to sell its lab-raised, animal-free chicken by 2021 - an achievement it's already on the way to meeting since it says it has grown pieces of chicken and duck sans animals in its lab.
这一想法来自孟菲斯肉品公司，该公司正在计划于2021年前销售实验室培养的“无鸡鸡肉”，孟菲斯肉品公司已经快要实现这一目标，他们称已经在实验室里培育出没有长成家禽的鸡肉块和鸭肉块。
The National Aquatics Center, better known as the Water Cube, will be transformed into an ice arena for the 2022 Winter Olympics, Beijing Times reported on Monday.
据《新京报》本周一报道，国家游泳中心--更多地被称为“水立方”--将被改造成2022年冬奥会冰上运动场。
Built for the 2008 Beijing Summer Olympics' swimming and diving events, the Water Cube will host curling events during the 2022 Winter Olympics and wheelchair curling events during the 2022 Winter Paralympic Games.
为2008年北京夏季奥运会的游泳、跳水赛事而修建的水立方将在2022年冬奥会期间举办冰壶赛事，在2022年冬残奥会期间举办轮椅冰壶赛事。
Yang Qiyong, general manager of the National Aquatics Center, said "After the revamp, the Water Cube will be capable of hosting the world's top curling events, as well as figure skating and short track speed skating events."
国家游泳中心总经理杨其勇表示；“改造完成后的水立方将具备承办世界顶级冰壶赛事、花滑赛事、短道速滑赛事的能力。”
In addition to events on ice and water, the venue will also be suitable for hosting large-scale commercial events and performances, said Yang.
杨其勇表示，除了冰上、水上赛事，水立方还将适合承办大型商业活动及演出。
An underground ice skating rink will be built under the South Square of the Water Cube, and is set to open to the public in the fourth quarter of 2017, according to plans.
按照规划，水立方南广场将新建地下冰场，将于2017年第四季度对外开放。
The Beijing Organizing Committee for the 2022 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games was inaugurated on Tuesday in Beijing, a move experts believe may mark a new phase in the capital's air pollution control, efforts after the city has been regularly engulfed by heavy smog in recent years.
2022年北京冬奥会及冬残奥会组委会于周四在北京举行成立典礼。近些年北京经常受雾霾困扰，但经过不懈努力，专家相信冬奥会将标志着北京空气治理进入新阶段。
Vice Premier Zhang Gaoli addressed the launch ceremony, stressing the government's desire to hold a "green" Olympics, as well as pushing for improving the ecological environment of Beijing and its neighboring cities.
国务院副总理张高丽在启动仪式上发言，强调政府“绿色办奥”的愿望，也会提高北京及周边地区的生态环境。
China attempted a "green" Olympics seven years ago, as efforts to curb pollution ahead of the 2008 Olympic Games significantly improved the city's air quality during the Games.
中国七年前曾实践过“绿色办奥”的理念，致力于在2008年奥运会前控制污染，效果显著，空气质量大幅提高。
Beijing has ensured blue skies several times when large-scale events took place in the city, but the good air quality rarely lasts long.
大型活动举行时，北京多次出现蓝天，但良好的空气质量持续时间都不长。
To guarantee blue skies for grand events such as the major military parade in September, Beijing adopts effective but pricey measures including taking half of the city's private cars off the road and closing 1,927 heavy industrial facilities.
为了保障大型活动比如九月的“阅兵蓝”，北京采用了高效率高代价的措施，包括市内一半车辆不许上路，关闭1927家重工业企业。
Such measures dramatically improve the city's air quality. Wang Gengchen, a research fellow from the Institute of Atmospheric Physics at the Chinese Academy of Science, told the Global Times that "this extraordinary result was created under the premise of sacrificing economic benefits. As a developing country, China cannot normalize measures that cause economic losses in exchange for permanent blue skies, thus the Winter Olympics is unlikely to eradicate air pollution once and for all."
这些举措提高了空气质量。中国科学院物理大气研究员王耕晨告诉环球时报记者，“这样显著的成果是以牺牲经济利益为代价的。作为一个发展中国家，中国不能以经济损失换取永久蓝天。冬奥会也不太可能彻底消除空气污染。”
However, Wang noted that the Games are likely to improve the air quality in Beijing and its neighboring cities, as well as offer the region a greater chance of making blue skies a regular feature even after the Games.
但是王耕晨强调，冬奥会很可能改善北京及周边地区的空气质量，甚至是在冬奥会之后，蓝天也有可能在该地区常态化出现。
FIFA president Gianni Infantino confirmed the 2022 Qatar World Cup will take place from November 21 to December 18, which will be the first-ever winter tournament in the northern hemisphere.
国际足联主席詹尼·因凡蒂诺口近日证实，卡塔尔世界杯将于2022年11月21日至12月18日举行，这将是世界杯首次在北半球冬季举行。
Infantino said FIFA decided on the date to avoid the extreme heat of Qatar in summer, which sees temperatures hit 40 C on a regular basis.
因凡蒂诺称，国际足联这一决定是为了避开卡塔尔夏季的高温，卡塔尔夏季气温可达40摄氏度以上。
FIFA has scheduled the event for the end of the year despite scheduling conflicts for league clubs. FIFA expects domestic leagues will be able to adjust their schedules to accommodate the global event.
国际足联将世界杯举办时间定在了年底，而这一时间与各大联赛的时间冲突，对此，国际足联表示，希望各大联赛的时间会因此进行调整。
"FIFA has yet to decide whether the tournament in Qatar will feature 32 or 48 teams," Infantino added.
因凡蒂诺还表示：“关于卡塔尔世界杯参赛队伍是32支还是48支的问题，国际足联还未作出决定。”
"For now it's a World Cup with 32 teams but everybody is open-minded and we will have a frank and open debate."
“到目前为止，世界杯参赛队伍还是32支，但是所有人的心态都很开放，我们将展开一场坦率而公开的讨论。”
"I will be happy if it stays at 32 teams as previously established. Qatar could insist on 32. But if everybody thinks it might be positive to change to 48 we can have a look. All options will be on the table."
“如果保持此前设置的32支参赛球队，我会很开心。这样卡塔尔世界杯就会延续32支参赛球队。但是如果所有人都认为参赛球队改为48支会是向积极的方向发展，那我们也可以看一看。所有的选项都可以探讨。”
MARS - that's where more than 450 Chinese people want to live.
火星- 有450多中国人想住那。
They've applied for one-way tickets to the red planet offered by Mars One, an organization based in the Netherlands hoping to establish a human colony there in 2023.
他们已经申请了前往这颗红色星球的单程票，由Mars One提供，一个总部设在荷兰的组织，希望2023年在那建立一个人类定居地。
On its website (www.mars-one.com), it says it hasn't yet begun its astronaut selection program, but had so far received in excess of 37,000 applications, including more than 450 from China.
在其网站上(www.mars-one.com)，它说还没有开始宇航员的选拔程序，但迄今已经收到了超过37000份申请，包括来自中国的450多个。
The non-profit organization announced its private spaceflight project in June last year saying that it would send a communications satellite and pathfinder to Mars by 2016 and land four astronauts in 2023 to establish a permanent settlement.
这个非营利组织在去年6月公布了私人航天项目，表示到2016年将发送一个通信卫星以及火星探路者到火星，2023年四个宇航员在那登陆以建立一个永久定居地。
After that, a new set of four astronauts would arrive every two years.
在那之后，每两年四名宇航员组成新的一批将抵达那里。
Mars One is planning a reality TV show where the audience can select the astronauts and watch as they prepare for the epic journey.
Mars One正计划一个电视真人秀节目，观众可以选择宇航员并看着他们准备史诗般的旅程。
It said it had developed "a precise, realistic plan based entirely upon existing technologies."
它表示它已经开发出了“一个精确的、现实的完全建立在现有技术基础上的计划”。
It said the primary personal attributes of a successful astronaut would be emotional and psychological stability, supported by personal drive and motivation.
它说一个成功宇航员的主要个人特质将是情感和心理的稳定，受个人动力和动机所支持。
"Once on Mars, there is no means to return to Earth. Mars is home," its website says. "A grounded, deep sense of purpose will help each astronaut maintain his or her psychological stability and focus as they work together toward a shared and better future."
“一旦上了火星，意味着不再返回地球。火星就是家，”该组织的网站说。“一个稳定深远的目的将帮助每个宇航员保持其心理的稳定，使他们专注于朝着一个共享和更好的未来而一起工作。”
It lists five key requirements for applicants - resiliency, adaptability, curiosity, ability to trust, and creativity/resourcefulness.
它对申请者列出了五个关键要求——弹性、适应性、好奇心、信任、创造力/足智多谋。
Successful candidates will receive a minimum of eight years of training before they leave Earth behind.
成功的候选人在他们离开地球之前将接受至少八年的训练。
Ma Qiang, a 39-year-old Sichuan Province native, told Beijing Youth Daily he hoped to be selected to make his life "worth living."
马强，一个39岁的四川人告诉《北京青年报》他希望被选中以使他的生命“值得活下去。”
Ma said he survived the 2008 earthquake in the southwest province but had been deeply affected by what he had seen.
马强说他经历了2008年在中国西南省份的地震，一直深受他所看到的东西的影响。
After that, Ma wanted to do something to make his life worth living, he told the newspaper, and a journey to Mars could be the answer.
在那之后，马强想做些事情来让他的生命有价值，他告诉记者，火星之旅可能会是答案。
Wang Wenming, 30, from Kunming in southwest Yunnan Province, said his dream was to explore a new world.
王文明，30岁，来自云南昆明，说他的梦想是去探索一个新世界。
The United States is slated to become the world's largest oil producer by the year 2023, according to the International Energy Association, or IEA.
根据国际能源署发布的报告，美国将在2023年之前成为全球最大的石油生产国。
The rising demand for oil, said IEA Executive Director Fatih Birol, has "unleashed a wave of growth from the U.S."
国际能源署署长法蒂·比罗尔表示，石油需求上涨的形势使美国经济实现了一波增长。
American crude production is expected to reach a record of 12.1 million barrels a day in 2023, up from the current 10.6 million a day. This mean that the U.S. will out produce Russia, which currently pumps the most oil at 11 million barrels a day.
美国2023年的原油生产量预计创纪录达到1210万桶/天，而当前的原油生产量是1060万桶/天。也就是说，美国的原油生产量将超过俄罗斯，后者当前每天最多可生产1100万桶。
The American oil boom is being helped by technological advances, improved efficiency and a moderate increase in oil prices that has made shale drilling cost effective.
美国石油产业的迅速发展得益于技术进步、效率提升、油价适度上扬。其中，油价适度上扬使页岩钻井提升了成本效益。
Moreover, President Donald Trump has reversed a historic number of regulations to allow use of public and private lands to safely develop oil and gas and other energy resources, including wind and solar.
此外，唐纳德·特朗普总统一改以往的多条规章制度，允许使用公共土地和私有土地来安全开发石油和天然气等能源，包括风能和太阳能。
This means that the United States is getting closer to President Trump's stated goal of energy independence. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said recently that, Our continent has become the energy force for this century, thanks in large part to rapid expansion in natural gas and tight oil production.
也就是说，美国距离特朗普所言的能源独立目标越来越近了。美国国务卿雷克斯·蒂勒森最近表示，美国已经成为本世纪的能源中坚力量，这很大程度上归功于天然气的快速发展以及油生产紧张态势。
U.S. Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke stressed that opening up of new lands to energy exploration also includes "stewardship" of the environment. Indeed, he noted that the U.S. is embarking on "its largest investment in its public lands and the park system in the history of this country, and it's going to be funded from energy."
美国内政部部长莱恩·辛克强调，开放新土地进行能源开发的同时也要“管理”环境。的确，他指出，美国正在着手进行对公用土地和园林系统进行历史性的投资，将由能源收入提供资金。
In a recent discussion forum, U.S. Secretary of Energy Rick Perry noted the importance of allowing the private sector to develop the oil and natural gas sectors.
在最近举行的一次讨论会上，美国能源部部长里克·佩里强调了允许私营部门发展石油和天然气业的重要性。
"Rapid growth in the production of Liquefied Natural Gas has enabled the U.S. to become a net exporter. As a net exporter, the U.S. is not just exporting energy, but freedom," said Secretary Perry.
佩里部长表示：“液化天然气产量的快速上涨让美国成为了净出口国。作为净出口国，美国不只出口能源，也出口自由。”
"You think about what that means around the world, that... people who we want to be our allies, now know that because of American energy coming to their shores, they are free from countries that would... put those values that those countries have in jeopardy."
“大家可以想想这种情形对全球而言意味着什么：我们希望能成为盟友的人如今知道由于美国的能源出口到了他们的国家，所以他们可以不受一些国家的控制，不必因某些国家而将自己的价值观置于危险的境地。”
Los Angeles will host the 2028 Summer Olympics after reaching a deal with Olympic organizers, the Los Angeles Times reported on Monday, citing an unnamed source close to the negotiation.
洛杉矶时报于星期一报道，一位未透露姓名的知情人士表示，在与奥运会组织者达成协议后，洛杉矶将举办2028年夏季奥运会。
The agreement paves the way for the 2024 Summer Games to be awarded to Paris.
该协议为巴黎取得2024年夏季奥运会的举办权创造了条件。
A formal announcement about which city would host and when was not expected until September when the International Olympic Committee (IOC) is set to meet in September in Lima, Peru.
国际奥委会预定将于9月在秘鲁利马召开会议，预计在那之前将不会正式公布举办奥运会的城市和时间。
Los Angeles had argued that it could host a low-cost Olympics given that it already has all the necessary infrastructure in place, while Paris would need to build several expensive structures.
洛杉矶市政府主张，考虑到洛杉矶已经具备所有的必要基础设施，它可以举办一场小成本的奥运会，而巴黎将需要建造数个耗资巨大的建筑。
But recent bids by Paris had been passed over and many felt the French capital was due to get the nod for the 2024 Games.
不过巴黎最近的投标被忽略了，而且许多人认为这是因为巴黎已获得举办2024年奥运会的许可。
Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti in June had indicated that while Los Angeles would prefer to host the Games in 2024, it was not opposed to playing host in 2028.
洛杉矶市长埃里克·伽西提在六月份表示，虽然洛杉矶更愿意举办2024年奥运会，但他们也不会反对举办2028年奥运会。
Overweight children and teenagers aged between 5 and 17.9 in the Chinese mainland will reach 48.5m by 2025, a number that surpasses the population of Spain, the study said.
一项研究称，到2025年，我国内地年龄5岁到17.9岁的超重儿童和青少年人数将达到4850万，从而超过西班牙的人口总数。
Alongside the rising obesity rate among Chinese youth, millions of them are estimated to suffer from diseases such as fatty liver, diabetes, high blood pressure and low glucose tolerance.
随着中国青少年肥胖率的升高，预计他们中将有数百万人患上脂肪肝、糖尿病、高血压和糖耐量减低等疾病。
The study said that in all there would be 268m overweight school-aged children worldwide by 2025, including 91m obese, assuming no policy interventions have proven effective at changing existing trends.
研究称，假设没有什么政策干预手段被证实能有效改变现有趋势，到2025年，全世界超重学龄期儿童人数将达2.68亿，其中肥胖人数达9100万。
Inactivity and the consumption of junk food and soda drink contribute to the growing number of overweight youth in the world, according to Tim Lobstein, the federation's head of policy.
世界肥胖联盟政策事务主管蒂姆·洛布斯坦称，不运动以及食用垃圾食品和饮用碳酸饮料是全世界超重青少年人数增加的部分原因。
The State Council released guidelines in 2011 responding to the increase of obese children in China. The guideline for the development of Chinese youth aimed to prevent more children from becoming obese, stated the SCMP.
国务院于2011年发布的指导方针，对中国肥胖儿童的增长做出了回应。据《南华早报》报道称，这项针对中国青少年发展的指导方针旨在防止更多的儿童变得肥胖。
The guideline urges local authorities in China to strengthen the training of medical staff around children's health and promote the knowledge of balanced eating and drinking habits among their parents.
该指导方针敦促我国地方当局加强医疗人员在儿童健康方面的培训，在父母间推广关于平衡膳食和饮酒习惯方面的知识。
As part of its continuing series on the 'Future of the Internet,' the Pew Research Center asked a group of thinkers in science and technology about what the Internet -- turning 25 years old on Wednesday -- might look like in another 10 years.
在其“互联网的未来”(Future of the Internet)系列调研中，皮尤研究中心(Pew Research Center)调查了一批科学技术领域的思想家，询问他们在3月12日年满25岁的互联网再过10年可能会是什么模样。
Their responses speak of a world that is connected deep within homes and well beyond borders. Pew collected the answers into theses buckets of a hopeful and not-so hopeful future (with some other random ideas ginned up, too).
他们的回答描绘了一个深深扎根家庭、远远跨越国界的互联世界。皮尤研究中心把这些答案归集为“未来有希望”、“未来不太有希望”的两类（还有其他一些随意的想法）。
Pew posed an open-ended question asking for predictions about the role of the Internet in people's lives in 2025, and what impact it will have on social, economic and political processes. 'Good and/or bad, what do you expect to be the most significant overall impacts of our uses of the Internet on humanity between now and 2025?' Pew asked. The group polled researchers, entrepreneurs, writers, developers, advocates and others.
皮尤提了一个开放性的问题，要求被访者预测2025年互联网在人们生活中的作用，以及它对社会、经济和政治进程的影响。这个问题是：“不论好与坏，你预计从现在到2025年，我们对互联网的使用对人类最明显的整体影响将是什么？”皮尤调查的对象有研究人员、企业家、作家、软件开发者、维权人士等。
Here is a selection of responses plucked from the overview of 'Digital Life in 2025.' You can see the entire report with more anecdotes on Pew's site.
以下是选自“2025年的数字生活”(Digital Life in 2025)概述的一组回答。更丰富的报告全文可在皮尤中心的网站上看到。
David Clark , senior research scientist at MIT: 'Devices will more and more have their own patterns of communication, their own 'social networks,' which they use to share and aggregate information, and undertake automatic control and activation. More and more, humans will be in a world in which decisions are being made by an active set of cooperating devices. The Internet (and computer-mediated communication in general) will become more pervasive but less explicit and visible. It will, to some extent, blend into the background of all we do.'
戴维?克拉克(David Clark)，麻省理工学院(MIT)高级研究科学家：终端将越来越多地拥有它们自己的传播形态，它们自己用于分享、汇总信息的“社交网络”，并越来越多地从事自动化控制与激活。人类所处的世界，将越来越多地由一组活跃的、相互配合的终端来做出各种决定。互联网（以及整个以计算机为媒介的传播）将变得更加普遍，但更不明显、更不可见。在某种程度上，它将融入我们所做的一切这个背景当中。
Aron Roberts , software developer at the University of California, Berkeley: 'We may well see wearable devices and/or home and workplace sensors that can help us make ongoing lifestyle changes and provide early detection for disease risks, not just disease. We may literally be able to adjust both medications and lifestyle changes on a day-by-day basis or even an hour-by-hour basis, thus enormously magnifying the effectiveness of an ever more understaffed medical delivery system.'
阿伦?罗伯茨(Aron Roberts)，加州大学伯克利分校(University of California, Berkeley)软件开发员：很有可能出现能够帮助我们持续改变生活方式、及早侦测到疾病风险而不只是疾病的可穿戴设备和/或居家、办公传感器。我们或许真的能够按天、甚至是按小时地调整药物以及生活方式的改变，从而极大地放大一个人员越来越少的医疗服务系统的有效性。
David Hughes , who has four decades of experience in digital communications: 'All 7-plus billion humans on this planet will sooner or later be 'connected' to each other and fixed destinations, via the Uber(not Inter)net. That can lead to the diminished power over people's lives within nation-states. When every person on this planet can reach, and communicate two-way, with every other person on this planet, the power of nation-states to control every human inside its geographic boundaries may start to diminish.'
戴维?休斯(David Hughes)，在数字传播领域拥有40年的经验：地球上的70多亿人口迟早将会通过“Ubernet”（超级网）而非互联网实现相互连接以及与固定目的地的连接。这可能导致民族国家对人们生活的控制力减弱。当地球上每一个人都可以和地球上其他所有人双向接触、沟通时，民族国家控制其地理界线之内每一个人的力量可能就会开始减弱。
Hal Varian , chief economist for Google: 'The biggest impact on the world will be universal access to all human knowledge. The smartest person in the world currently could well be stuck behind a plow in India or China. Enabling that person -- and the millions like him or her -- will have a profound impact on the development of the human race. Cheap mobile devices will be available worldwide, and educational tools like the Khan Academy will be available to everyone. This will have a huge impact on literacy and numeracy and will lead to a more informed and more educated world population.'
哈尔?瓦里安(Hal Varian)，谷歌(Google)首席经济学家：对世界最大的影响将是能够无处不在地获取所有人类知识。目前世界上最聪明的人很有可能是束缚在了印度或中国的一张耕犁后面。把机会赋予这个人――以及像他或她的几百万人――将对人类的发展产生深刻的影响。世界各地都将能够买到廉价手机，每一个人都将能够获得可汗学院(Khan Academy)之类的教育工具。这将对人们的识字算数水平产生巨大的影响，将使世界人口更有知识、更有文化。
Llewellyn Kriel , CEO of TopEditor International Media Services: 'Everything -- every thing -- will be available online with price tags attached. Cyber-terrorism will become commonplace. Privacy and confidentiality of any and all personal will become a thing of the past. Online 'diseases' -- mental, physical, social, addictions (psycho-cyber drugs) -- will affect families and communities and spread willy-nilly across borders. The digital divide will grow and worsen beyond the control of nations or global organizations such as the UN. This will increasingly polarize the planet between haves and have-nots. Global companies will exploit this polarization. Digital criminal networks will become realities of the new frontiers. Terrorism, both by organizations and individuals, will be daily realities. The world will become less and less safe, and only personal skills and insights will protect individuals.'
卢埃林?克里埃尔(Llewellyn Kriel)，TopEditor International Media Services的CEO：所有东西――所有东西――都将在网上明码标价地出售。网络恐怖主义将成为常态。任何人的隐私和机密都将成为过去时。网络“疾病”――精神疾病、生理疾病、社交疾病、毒瘾（心理-网络毒品）――将影响到家庭和社区，并肆无忌惮地跨越国界而扩散。数字鸿沟将会扩大并恶化，超出各个国家以及联合国等国际组织的掌控范围。这将越来越多地造成有产者和无产者之间的两极分化。跨国公司将获利于这种分化。数字犯罪团伙将成为新疆界的现实。不管是组织化的恐怖主义还是个人恐怖主义，都将成为每天都存在的现实。世界将变得越来越不安全，只有自己的技能与见识才能保护个人。
Paul Babbitt , an associate professor at Southern Arkansas University: 'Governments will become much more effective in using the Internet as an instrument of political and social control. That is, filters will be increasingly valuable and important, and effective and useful filters will be able to charge for their services. People will be more than happy to trade the free-wheeling aspect common to many Internet sites for more structured and regulated environments.'
保罗?巴比特(Paul Babbitt)，南阿肯色大学(Southern Arkansas University)副教授：在将互联网用作政治和社会控制工具方面，政府的效率将大大提高。也就是说，过滤器将越来越宝贵、越来越重要，有效、有用的过滤器将可以为其服务收费。人们将非常乐意牺牲很多网站随心所欲的方面，换取秩序更加井然、监管更加严格的环境。
Randy Kluver , an associate professor of communication at Texas A&M University: 'The most neglected aspect of the impact is in the geopolitics of the Internet. There are very few experts focused on this, and yet the rise of digital media promises significant disruption to relations between and among states. Some of the really important dimensions include the development of transnational political actors/movements, the rise of the virtual state, the impact of digital diplomacy efforts, the role of information in undermining state privilege (think Wikileaks), and ... the development of cyber-conflict (in both symmetric and asymmetric forms).'
兰迪?克吕弗(Randy Kluver)，德州农工大学(Texas A&M University)传播学副教授：最被人忽略的影响在于互联网的地缘政治方面。关注这方面的专家非常少，但数字媒体的崛起很有可能给国与国关系带来重大波折。一些非常重要的维度包括跨国政治角色/运动的发展，虚拟政府的兴起，数字民主化行动的冲击，信息在削弱政府特权方面的作用（如维基解密(Wikileaks)），以及……网络冲突（包括对称的和非对称的冲突）的发展。
Vint Cerf , Google vice president: 'There will be increased franchise and information sharing. There will be changes to business models to adapt to the economics of digital communication and storage. We may finally get to Internet voting, but only if we have really strong authentication methods available. Privacy must be improved but transparency about what information is retained about users also has to increase. More business will be born online with a global market from the beginning. Massive open online courses will become important revenue streams.'
文特?瑟夫(Vint Cerf)，谷歌副总裁：特许经营和信息共享将会越来越多。商业模式将会改变，以适应数字传播与存储的经济学。最后我们可能会有网络选举，但条件是拥有非常可靠的认证方法。隐私必须得到改进，但有关已获取用户信息的透明度也必须提高。越来越多的企业将是在网上诞生，一开始就瞄准全球市场。大众化网络公开课将成为重要的收入来源。
John Markoff, senior Science writer at the New York Times: 'What happens the first time you answer the phone and hear from your mother or a close friend, but it's actually not, and instead, it's a piece of malware that is designed to social engineer you. What kind of a world will we have crossed over into? I basically began as an Internet utopian (think John Perry Barlow), but I have since realized that the technical and social forces that have been unleashed by the microprocessor hold out the potential of a very dystopian world that is also profoundly inegalitarian. I often find myself thinking, 'Who said it would get better?''
约翰?马尔科夫(John Markoff)，《纽约时报》(New York Times)资深科学撰稿人：当你第一次接电话听到母亲或好友的声音、其实那不是母亲或好友而是一款旨在对你展开社会化工程攻击(social engineering)的恶意软件时，会发生什么事情？我们所跨入的将是一个什么样的世界？最初我基本上是一个对互联网存在乌托邦式幻想的人（想想约翰?佩里?巴洛(John Perry Barlow)），但我后来意识到，微处理器释放的技术力量和社会力量有可能造就一个反面乌托邦的、极不平等的世界。我经常不由自主地想：“谁说世界会越来越好的？”
You can see the entire report with plenty more anecdotes on Pew's site. What do you think the Internet will be like in 10 years -- flowing invisibly in the background like electricity, a tangible and omnipresent part of every day life, something else? Tell us what you think in the comments.
拥有更多丰富细节的报告全文可以在皮尤研究中心的网站上看到。你认为10年过后的互联网会是什么样子的？是像电流一样在幕后无形地流动，还是成为日常生活中看得见摸得着而又无处不在的一部分？还是其他什么样子？请在评论中写下你的想法。
After each Presidential election, The National Intelligence Council (NIC), the Washington, D.C., agency that provides long-term strategic analysis to America's intelligence community, releases a report on security risks. Its newest report, issued on December 10th and called Global Trends 2030: Alternative Worlds, covers many topics from cross-border conflict to terrorism to regional economic collapse.
每次总统大选结束后，位于华盛顿特区的美国国家情报委员会（The National Intelligence Council，NIC）都会发布一份关于安全风险的报告，为美国情报界提供长期战略分析。该委员会于12月10日发布了最新报告《2030年全球趋势：不一样的世界》（Global Trends 2030: Alternative Worlds），其中涉及跨边境冲突、恐怖主义和区域经济崩溃等诸多话题。
One theme in particular that stands out this year is the coming food and water crisis in China. According to the report, climate change coupled with China's move toward urbanization and middle class lifestyles will create huge water demand and therefore crop shortages by 2030. As the report states: "Water may become a more significant source of contention than energy or minerals out to 2030."
其中有一个主题尤为引人注意，即中国可能面临的粮食与水资源危机。报告称，气候变化，加上中国的城市化进程和中产阶级生活方式的兴起，至2030年，中国将产生巨大的用水需求以及伴随而来的粮食短缺。报告中写道：“到2030年，水将成为比能源或矿产更为抢手的资源。”
Globally, demand for food is estimated to increase by more than 35% by 2030 and that means the world will need more water. After all, agriculture and livestock account for 70% of our water use. According to a major international study, global water requirements—mostly to sustain agriculture and livestock—will rise to 40% above our current sustainable water supplies.
截至2030年，全球食物需求预计将增加超过35%，而这意味着世界需要更多的水。毕竟，农业与畜牧业占到全球总用水量的70%。根据一项重要的国际研究显示，全球水需求量将比当前的可持续供水量高出40%以上。
China is particularly vulnerable to this trend. The report points out, for example, that cereal production in China faces significant challenges from environmental stresses relating to water scarcity—the melting Himalayan glaciers aren't helping—soil depletion, and pressures on land availability from urbanization. China is a major wheat producer and the second-largest producer and consumer of corn after the US.
中国将是最容易受到这种趋势影响的国家。比如，报告指出，水荒（正在融化的喜马拉雅冰川无济于事）、土壤贫化等环境压力，以及城市化带来的农业可用地压力，将使中国谷物产量面临巨大挑战。中国是世界主要小麦生产国，也是第二大玉米生产国与消费国，仅次于美国。
By 2030, though, China may no longer be self-sufficient in these crops and might be forced to increase its imports potentially triggering, the NIC concludes, "a significant price run-up on international markets."
但到2030年，中国甚至可能无法实现小麦和玉米的自给自足，将不得不增加进口，而NIC得出的结论是，这可能引发“国际市场粮食价格大幅上涨。”
None of this needs to happen if China—as well as other developing nations—pursue new methods to increase crop yields and preserve water. The NIC suggests three new technologies that need to be developed: GMO crops, precision agriculture, and high-tech irrigation.
如果中国和其他发展中国家能够找到提高作物产量和维护水资源的新方法，以上预测的状况便不会发生。NIC推荐了三项需要开发的新技术：转基因作物、精细农业和高科技灌溉。
The NIC believes that breakthroughs in plant genetics—enabled by molecular biology—hold great promise for achieving food security in the next 15-20 years. Insect and drought resistant crops that require small amounts of fertilizer can be designed through molecular plant breeding. Nations like China will have to overcome consumer and international regulatory resistance.
NIC认为，在分子生物学的推动下，植物遗传学取得重大突破，前景广阔，将实现未来15 - 20年内的粮食安全。通过分子植物育种，可以设计出需要少量化肥的抗虫抗旱作物。中国等国家可能需要克服来自消费者和国际监管机构的阻力。
Robotics might be able to help farmers reduce the amount of water, fertilizer and seed they need. The NIC says that with in the next five to 10 years, "autonomous tractors"—think of them as highly automated manufacturing facilities on wheels—can use computer technology to farm more efficiently. The NIC also reports that "vertical" farming in high-rise structures could help raise yields and reduce water consumption.
机器自动化技术将帮助农民减少所需要的水、化肥和种子数量。NIC称，未来五至十年，“自动拖拉机”将使用计算机技术进行更高效的耕种。所谓“自动拖拉机”可以看成是高度自动化的移动生产设施。NIC报告还称，高层结构的“垂直”农业，也有助于提高产量和降低用水量。
Irrigation systems on farms waste roughly 60% of the water used. Micro-irrigation systems that use IT to gauge exactly how much water needs to be dripped on plants could boost yields dramatically. The cost of today's micro-irrigation systems, however, is still high.
农业灌溉系统所用的水约有60%被浪费。微灌系统利用IT技术测量植物所需水量，可以大幅提高产量。但目前的微灌系统成本仍然过高。
As with any set of predictions it difficult to say how fast or even whether any of these new technologies will gain traction. At the very least, they do present some intriguing ideas for investors looking for a way to profit on the 21st century economy.
与任何预测一样，我们很难说这些技术多久就可以产生影响力，或者是否能够产生影响力。但至少对于希望在21世纪经济中寻找获利途径的投资者来说，这些技术确实是很有吸引力的想法。
Asset management in China is a relatively young industry that is on track for an extended period of strong growth, due to the country’s ageing population and the rising wealth of the expanding middle class.
资产管理在中国是一个相对年轻的行业，但是鉴于中国人口老龄化和不断壮大的中产阶层财富日益增加，该行业正处于长期强劲增长的轨道。
As a result, China’s investment industry will see its assets under management grow to around $17tn by 2030 from around $2.8tn at the end of last year, according to Casey Quick, the consultancy.
咨询公司Casey Quick预测，其结果是，中国投资行业的管理资产将从去年底的2.8万亿美元左右，增至2030年的17万亿美元左右。
Around half ($8.5tn) of the net new inflows attracted by investment managers globally by 2030 will go to Chinese companies, helping the country to become the world’s second-largest asset management market behind the US.
到2030年，全球投资管理公司吸引的资金净流入量中，大约一半（8.5万亿美元）将流向中国公司，推动中国成为世界第二大资产管理市场，仅次于美国。
Casey Quick said that wealthy Chinese business owners along with retail investors would account for half of the expected asset growth by 2030.
Casey Quick称，富裕的中国企业主和散户投资者将占到截至2030年的预期资产增长的一半。
Pension assets are projected to grow by around 10 per cent a year, helped by the expansion of workplace retirement savings schemes.
在工作单位退休储蓄计划扩大的推动下，养老金资产预计将每年增长10%左右。
Insurance companies will also outsource more business to third-party asset managers to help boost returns, but new funding for China’s two sovereign wealth funds is expected to be limited, leaving their future growth dependent on asset allocation decisions and market movements.
保险公司也将外包更多业务给第三方资产管理公司，以帮助提高回报，但中国两只主权财富基金的新资金预计将会有限，这意味着它们的未来增长将依赖于资产配置决策和市场变动。
Foreign managers, however, will face significant challenges in winning new business in China. Foreign managers are expected to capture just 6 per cent of the Chinese market, given the distinct home-country bias that exists among mainland investors and the strong relationships between local investment managers and product distributors.
然而，试图在中国赢得新业务的外资管理公司将面临重大挑战。考虑到内地投资者存在明显的本土偏向，以及本地投资管理公司和产品分销商之间的密切关系，外资管理公司预计只能争取到中国市场6%的业务。
But further measures to liberate China’s capital markets could benefit foreign managers, who will retain an advantage in international asset markets. Allocations to non-Chinese asset classes are expected to grow to around 17 per cent by 2030 for Chinese institutional investors and to 15 per cent for wealthy individuals.
但是，放开中国资本市场的进一步措施可能惠及在国际资产市场上保持优势的外资管理公司。预计到2030年，中国机构投资者对中国以外资产类别的配置将增至17%左右，中国富人投资者的这一比例将增至15%。
重点单词
查看全部解释
innovation
[.in?u'vein]
想一想再看
n. 创新，革新
联想记忆
X
单词innovation 联想记忆：
novation（n 更新）；novel（n 小说adj 新奇的；新颖的）
benefit
['benifit]
想一想再看
n. 利益，津贴，保险金，义卖，义演
vt.
联想记忆
X
单词benefit 联想记忆：
bene好，fit做－做事后的好处
document
['d?kjum?nt]
想一想再看
n. 文件，公文，文档
vt. 记载，(用文件
联想记忆
X
单词document 联想记忆：
docu[=doc教]+ment→用来教的东西→文件;证书
personnel
[.p?:s?'nel]
想一想再看
n. 职员，人事部门
联想记忆
X
单词personnel 联想记忆：
person人+el表名词，“人或物”→全体人员
pole
[p?ul]
想一想再看
n. 杆，柱，极点
v. (用杆)支撑
municipality
[mju:.nisi'p?liti]
想一想再看
n. 自治市，市当局
联想记忆
X
单词municipality 联想记忆：
muni拼音：慕尼（黑）就是municipality
fundamental
[.f?nd?'mentl]
想一想再看
adj. 基本的，根本的，重要的
n. 基本原
boost
[bu:st]
想一想再看
vt. 推进，提高，增加
n. 推进，增加
联想记忆
X
单词boost 联想记忆：
boo读：不，st＝ST一种比较面的股票。既然不是ST，股价就可以增加，提高。
hub
[h?b]
想一想再看
n. 毂，木片，中心
environment
[in'vai?r?nm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 环境，外界
重点单词
查看全部解释
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
replace
[ri(:)'pleis]
想一想再看
vt. 取代，更换，将物品放回原处
scale
[skeil]
想一想再看
n. 鳞，刻度，衡量，数值范围
v. 依比例决
decade
['dekeid]
想一想再看
n. 十年
联想记忆
X
单词decade 联想记忆：
dec+ade表名词,表示“状态，物品”参考：decagon十角形→十年
population
[.p?pju'lein]
想一想再看
n. 人口 ，(全体)居民，人数
联想记忆
X
单词population 联想记忆：
popul人民+ation→人口
generate
['d?en?.reit]
想一想再看
vt. 产生，发生，引起
联想记忆
X
单词generate 联想记忆：
genner=birth出生，产生+ate→产生[电]等；发电
surpass
[s?'pɑ:s]
想一想再看
vt. 超越，凌驾，胜过
联想记忆
X
单词surpass 联想记忆：
sur超过+pass通过→通过并超过→优于，胜过
intelligence
[in'telidns]
想一想再看
n. 理解力，智力
n. 情报，情报工作，情报
联想记忆
X
单词intelligence 联想记忆：
intel在…中间+lig选择，收集+ence→从中选出好的→智力；聪明
China's elderly population has been increasing rapidly and is estimated to hit around 400 million by the end of 2035, making China a "super aging society", according to experts.
据有关专家表示，我国老年人口增长迅速，预计到2035年年底，老年人口总量将达4亿人左右，使我国成为“超老龄社会”。
Since China became an "aging society" in 2000, the elderly population has increased yearly by about 10 million, Zheng Gongcheng, head of the China Association of Social Security, said at a forum.
中国社会保障学会会长郑功成近日在一个论坛上表示，中国自2000年跨入"老龄化社会"后，老年人口每年增长约1000万。
By international standards, a country or region is considered to be an "aging society" when those aged 65 or over account for 7-14% of the total population.
根据国际标准，当一个国家或地区65岁及以上人口占总人口的7-14%时，该国家或地区即被视为“老龄化社会”。
Once that amount goes over 14%, the country or region is considered a "super aging society."
当老年人占比超过14%时，这一国家或地区被视为“超老龄社会”。
Zheng said that China's elderly care services are developing rapidly but also unevenly.
郑功成指出，中国养老服务业发展迅速但不平衡。
They are already not enough to satisfy the nationwide demand, while unbalanced supply has also become a problem, he said. These services lack social participation and professional nursing staff.
中国养老服务业已无法满足全国范围内的需求，不平衡的供给也构成了问题，且社会力量参与和专业护理人员均不足。
Zheng recommended an industry-wide plan on elderly care services be formulated, which should be considered a new growth point for a sustainable national economy.
郑功成建议，应当制定养老服务的全行业规划，将其视为国民经济持续发展的新增长点。
Four-fifths of the world’s elderly population will live in emerging markets by 2050, upending the view that ageing is primarily an issue for developed countries.
到2050年，全球五分之四的老年人口将会居住在新兴市场，这颠覆了老龄化主要是发达国家问题的观点。
China alone will see the number of over-60s jump from 209m (15 per cent of the population) today to 492m (36 per cent) by the middle of the century, according to estimates from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Public finances in countries ranging from Brazil to Turkey are also likely to be put under strain by a surge in retirees.
美银美林(Bank of America Merrill Lynch)估计，到本世纪中叶，仅中国一个国家的60岁以上人口就会从如今的2.09亿（占人口总数的15%）大幅增至4.92亿（占人口总数的36%）。从巴西到土耳其，许多国家的公共财政也可能因退休人口飙升而承压。
“We are living in the midst of the most remarkable demographic transition in history with life expectancy [likely] to reach 77.1 by 2050, versus 48 in 1950, the global 60-plus population [expected] to grow to 2.1bn by 2050, versus 901m today, and life expectancy increasing by one year every five years,” the bank says in a report entitled The Silver Economy — Global Ageing Primer.
该行在题为《银发经济——全球老龄化初阶》(The Silver Economy — Global Ageing Primer)的报告中表示：“我们正置身于史上最引人注目的人口结构转变过程中，到2050年预期寿命有望达到77.1岁，远高于1950年的48岁，到2050年全球60岁以上人口预计将增至21亿，远高于如今的9.01亿，预期寿命每5年延长一岁。”
“The extension of average lifespan is one of the greatest achievements of humanity,” BofA adds, citing UN forecasts that while the global population is expected to have risen 3.7 times between 1950 and 2050, the size of the 60-plus demographic is predicted to rise tenfold over the same period, and those 80-plus to rise 26-fold.
美银美林在报告中补充称：“平均寿命延长是人类最伟大的成就之一。”它援引联合国的预测称，尽管预计全球人口从1950年到2050年将增长3.7倍，但同期60岁以上人口的规模预计将增长10倍，80岁以上人口增长26倍。
The document builds on figures showing a striking rise in longevity in sub-Saharan Africa, the world’s poorest region, since 2000, with 30 countries seeing life expectancy rise more than 10 per cent in the past 15 years.
该报告建立在如下数据基础之上：自2000年以来，全球最贫穷的地区——撒哈拉以南非洲的预期寿命显著上升，30个国家的预期寿命在过去15年里增长10%以上。
Given the dramatic trends, BofA forecasts that by 2050 “emerging markets all over the world will be as old as Japan is today”.
鉴于这些戏剧化的趋势，美银美林预计，到2050年，“全世界新兴市场的老年人口比例将和现在的日本一样高”。
In China, for instance, based on UN data, it estimates that 27.6 per cent of the population will be aged 60-plus by 2050 (up from 8.2 per cent as of 2010), compared with 22.9 per cent in Japan today. It estimates that 22.8 per cent of Brazilians and 20.9 per cent of Russians will also be sexagenarians or older.
例如，该行根据联合国数据估计，在中国，到2050年27.6%的人口将是60岁以上（2010年该比例是8.2%），而日本现在的比例是22.9%。美银美林估计，届时巴西60岁以上的老年人口比例也将达到22.8%，俄罗斯将达到20.9%。
Overall, BofA envisages that 80 per cent of the over-60s will live in emerging markets by 2050, with a quarter of the population in both Asia and Latin America being of this age.
整体而言，美银美林估计，到2050年，在60岁以上的老年人当中，80%将居住在新兴市场，亚洲和拉丁美洲有四分之一人口将是60岁以上的老年人。
The Asia-Pacific region is expected to account for 61 per cent of these seniors by 2050, and two-thirds of the rise in those aged 60-plus, as the first chart shows. Africa and Latin America are expected to account for a further quarter of the growth in seniors, with Europe and North America seeing barely any rise, despite the panic about ageing in these regions.
正如第一张图表所示，到2050年，预计亚太地区的60岁以上老年人口占到全球的61%，而且60岁以上新增人口的三分之二来自该地区。预计非洲和拉美将占到新增老年人口的另外四分之一，而欧洲和北美的老年人口几乎没有增长，尽管这些地区对老龄化感到恐慌。
Moreover, this is not simply a case of emerging markets mirroring the trends already witnessed in the developed world. Instead, the transformation in the emerging world is happening at a rate inconceivable to most westerners.
此外，这不只是新兴市场重现发达世界趋势的问题。相反，新兴市场国家人口结构的这种转变速度对大多数西方人来说是不可想象的。
BofA quotes data suggesting that it took France 115 years to double the share of its population aged 65-plus from 7 to 14 per cent, Sweden 85 years, Australia 73 years and the US 69 years.
美银美林援引数据显示，法国65岁以上人口比例从7%增至14%用了115年，瑞典用了85年，澳大利亚用了73年，而美国用了69年。
In contrast, South Korea is expected to see the same transformation in just 18 years, Thailand and Brazil in 21 years, China in 23, Tunisia in 24 and Chile in 26, as the second chart shows.
相比之下，如第二张图表显示，预计韩国在短短18年就会完成同样的转变，泰国和巴西是21年，中国是23年，突尼斯是24年，智利是26年。
Moreover, it is only likely to take South Korea a further nine years to see its 65-plus cohort rise by a further 7 per cent of the population to 21 per cent.
此外，预计韩国65岁以上老年人口比例很可能再过9年就会进一步上升7个百分点，至21%。
China is expected to witness the same transformation in 11 years, Thailand in 14 and Brazil in 17, compared with 55 years in the UK, 42 in France and 40 in Sweden.
预计中国将在11年时间里完成同样的转变，泰国是14年，巴西是17年，相比之下，英国是55年，法国是42年，而瑞典是40年。
While rising longevity is clearly far better than the alternative, the advent of what BofA refers to as “peak youth” (globally, the number of people aged 65-plus is expected to outnumber the under-fives for the first time in human history by 2020) clearly throws up a series of challenges, particularly in the emerging world where resources are scarcer.
尽管寿命延长显然比缩短好得多，但美银美林所称的“年轻人峰值”(peak youth )的来临显然带来了一系列挑战，尤其是在资源较为匮乏的新兴世界。“年轻人峰值”是指到2020年，全球65岁以上人口数量预计将在人类历史上首次超过5岁以下人口的数量。
“Preparing for this demographic tidal wave is a pressing imperative for governments, businesses and individuals alike as people outlive assets,” BofA says.
美银美林表示：“对政府、企业和个人来说，准备应对这种人口结构浪潮迫在眉睫，很多人的资产将不足以让他们安享天年。”
The bank warns that age-related spending already constitutes 40 per cent of public expenditure in the developed world, and “rising age-related costs are likely to push 60 per cent of sovereigns into speculative grade”. Globally, two-thirds of employees are not saving for retirement.
它警告称，在发达世界，与年龄有关的支出已经占到公共支出的40%，而且“年龄相关成本日益增长可能推动60%的主权债务降至投机级别”。就全球而言，三分之二的雇员没有为退休储蓄。
Projections from the OECD, the club of mostly rich countries, suggest the changing demographics will hit the finances of EM governments hard.
成员大多是富裕国家的经合组织(OECD)的预测显示，日益改变的人口结构将重创新兴市场政府的财政。
It forecasts that by 2050, the cost of funding public pensions will edge up to 6.1 per cent of gross domestic product in the US and 8.1 per cent in the UK, while actually falling to 12.8 per cent of GDP in France.
该组织预计，到2050年，美国公共养老金融资成本与国内生产总值(GDP)之比将略升至6.1%，英国是8.1%，而法国实际上还将下降至12.8%。
In contrast, the OECD sees spending on public pensions surging from 6.3 per cent of GDP to 17 per cent in Turkey, from 9.1 per cent to 16.8 per cent in Brazil and from 3.4 per cent to 9.2 per cent in China, as the final chart shows.
相比之下，如最后一张图表显示，经合组织发现，土耳其公共养老金支出与GDP之比将从6.3%升至17%，巴西从9.1%升至16.8%，中国从3.4%升至9.2%。
Ageing populations are also likely to force many EM governments to spend more on healthcare, BofA argues. At present, emerging economies spend only 5.6 per cent of GDP on healthcare, compared with 12.5 per cent in developed countries, according to the World Economic Forum.
美银美林提出，人口老龄化还很可能迫使许多新兴市场政府加大医疗支出。世界经济论坛(World Economic Forum)的数据显示，目前新兴经济体在医疗方面的支出只占到GDP的5.6%，而发达国家的这一比例为12.5%。
Yet, by 2030, China and India will have at least 380m diabetics, seven times the number in the US, the World Health Organisation forecasts.
然而，世界卫生组织(World Health Organisation)预测，到2030年，中国和印度的糖尿病患者将至少达到3.8亿，是美国的7倍。
As a result of such trends, the WEF forecasts that health spending in the emerging world will rise at an annual rate of 10.7 per cent up until 2022, far faster than the 3.7 per cent growth envisaged in developed countries.
世界经济论坛预计，此类趋势造成的结果是，新兴世界的医疗支出在2022年前将以每年10.7%的速度增长，远远超过发达国家3.7%的预计增速。
How should we respond to the next recession? That was the topic of an event hosted by the Brooking’s Hamilton Project where I spoke on Monday in Washington with OMB director Sean Donovan. I argued a number of points that address issues of current concern.
我们应该如何应对下一场衰退？这是布鲁金斯学会(Brookings Institution)的汉密尔顿项目(Hamilton Project)周一在华盛顿举办的一场活动的主题。我在会上与白宫行政管理和预算局(OMB)的局长肖恩?多诺万(Sean Donovan)进行了交谈。我就解决当前担忧的问题提出了一些看法。
First, I argued that the possible election of “Demagogue Donald” dwarfs congressional dysfunction as a threat to American prosperity. I argued that beyond lunatic and incoherent budget and trade policies, Trump would, for the first time, make political risk of the kind usually discussed in the context of Argentina, China or Russia relevant to the USA. How else to interpret threats to renegotiate debt, prosecute insubordinate publications, and rip up treaties? Creeping fascism as an issue dwarfs macroeconomic policy.
首先，我认为，就对美国繁荣的威胁而言，唐纳德?特朗普(Donald Trump)可能当选为美国总统的问题让国会功能失调相形见绌。我认为，除了极端和反复无常的预算和贸易政策以外，特朗普还将让那种通常在讨论阿根廷、中国或俄罗斯的时候提到的政治风险与美国相关，这在历史上将是首次。对于重新谈判债务、起诉不听话的出版物以及撕毁条约的威胁，还能怎么解读？作为一个问题，法西斯主义悄悄抬头让宏观经济政策相形见绌。
Second, I cautioned that while 2009 could have been seen a repeat of 1929-1933 — it was not — there are no grounds for complacency. As the picture below illustrates, on current forecasts the economy will have performed as badly over the 2007-2018 period as it did over the 1929-1940 depression period. The single most important issue for containing government debt burdens, increasing US national security, encouraging more generosity towards the poor and raising middle class standards of living is accelerating economic growth.
其次，我告诫称，尽管我们在2009年避免重演1929年至1933年间的大萧条，但没有理由自满。正如下图所显示的那样，基于当前预测，美国经济在2007年至2018年间的表现将和1929年至1940年的萧条期间一样糟糕。要想遏制政府债务负担、增进美国国家安全、鼓励对穷人更为慷慨并提高中产阶级生活水平，最为重要的问题是加速经济增长。
Third, I argued — following my secular stagnation thesis — that fiscal policy is now important as a stabilization policy tool in a way that has not been the case since the depression. Historical evidence suggests a better than even chance of an officially declared recession in the next three years.
第三，我在论述长期经济停滞的命题后提出，财政政策如今非常重要，它将以一种自大萧条以来未见的方式被用作稳定政策工具。历史证据似乎表明，美国有超过一半的几率在今后3年正式陷入衰退。
When recessions come, the Federal Reserve normally reduces real rates by four to five percentage points.
当衰退来临的时候，美联储(Fed)通常会降息4到5个百分点。
But there will in all likelihood be nothing like this amount of room when the next recession comes.
但是当下一场衰退来临的时候，美联储多半不会有这么大的降息空间。
I say this with full awareness that the Fed has unconventional tools at its disposal in addition to simply lowering rates.
我在这么说的时候充分意识到美联储除了降息之外，还有非传统工具可以动用。
But I think it very unlikely that more than 150bps of Fed funds equivalent additional stimulus is feasible. After all rates below minus 50 or 75 bps are impracticable in a society with cash and might actually hurt financial intermediation. Forward guidance is fine in principle but when the next recession comes expected forward rates will be very low far into the future. And QE is surely already hitting diminishing returns with the yield curve flattening and markets functioning without the illiquidity premia of the early recovery period. “Helicopter money” is basically a form of fiscal policy as I shall argue in a subsequent post and cannot be carried out autonomously by the central bank.
但我不认为美联储出台相当于降息超过150个基点的额外刺激是可行的。毕竟，在一个存在现金的社会，利率低于-0.5%或-0.75%是不现实的，它实际上会伤害金融中介。前瞻性指引原则上是好的，但是当下一场衰退来临的时候，未来很长一段时期的预期远期利率将会非常低。量化宽松肯定已经进入了回报递减的阶段：收益率曲线扁平化，市场在没有复苏初期非流动性溢价的情况下运转。“直升机撒钱”从本质上来说是一种财政政策（我会在以后的文章中论述这一点），它不可能由美联储自动实施。
There is an additional case for fiscal policy. The economy as it now stands requires remarkably low interest rates to grow adequately. These rates are an invitation to leverage, to reaching for yield, to financial engineering and to bubbles. Raising rates significantly as many suggest without doing anything else risks recession. So the right strategy is to raise demand so as to make financially sustainable growth. This comes back to fiscal policy along with measures like tax, regulatory and immigration reform to spur private demand.
动用财政政策还有一个理由。就目前的情况来看，美国经济需要显著的低利率才能充分增长。这些利率促使人们增加杠杆，追求高收益率，鼓励金融工程和泡沫。如果像许多人建议的那样大幅提高利率而不采取其他措施，那可能导致美国陷入衰退。因此正确的战略是促进需求，从而实现财务上可持续的增长。这又回到了财政政策上，加上税收、监管和移民改革等措施以刺激私人需求。
Fourth, I suggested a number of areas for expansionary fiscal policy both to make recession less likely and to respond when the next one comes. The decline in US infrastructure investment is indefensible in light of recent declines in interest rates, employment opportunities and materials costs.
第四，我建议在诸多领域推行扩张性的财政政策，这样既可以降低衰退的可能性，又可以应对下一场衰退的来临。鉴于近年利率、就业机会和原材料成本下降，美国基础设施投资下降是无可辩解的。
Other areas in which fiscal support seems desirable include housing — where residential investment still lags badly — and support for social security. I referred to the economists argument going back to Paul Samuelson that pay as you go social security can help all generations in a world where growth rates exceed interest rates. Further it raises demand without enlarging government deficits.
其他似乎需要财政支持的领域包括住宅市场（住房投资仍严重滞后）和社保支持。我提到了可以追溯至保罗?萨缪尔森(Paul Samuelson)的经济学家们的观点，即在一个增长率超过利率的世界里，现收现付的社保体系可以帮助世世代代。此外，它还在没有加大政府赤字的情况下提升了需求。
As I hope to discuss in future posts, much of what economists thought they knew about macroeconomic policy needs to be reassessed in light of recent events. Just as the events of the 1970s and emergence of stagflation throughout the industrial world led to new policy paradigms, I believe that recent events will force us to develop new approaches to thinking about economic fluctuations and inflation which will, in turn, drive major changes in thinking about fiscal and monetary policy.
正如我希望在未来文章中讨论的那样，鉴于最近的事件，经济学家们需要重新评估他们自以为已经了解的宏观经济政策。正如上世纪70年代的事件和整个工业化世界的滞涨带来新的政策范式一样，我相信，最近的事件将迫使我们开发新的方法来思考经济波动和通胀，这进而将推动人们对财政和货币政策的思考方式发生重大变化。
By 2050, India will take pole position with 1.6 billion people with China in second place at 1.3 billion.
到2050年，印度的人口将达到顶峰也就是16亿人，同时中国以13亿人口排在第二名。
The world's population will rise to 9.7 billion in 2050 from the current level of 7.1 billion and India will overtake China as the world's most populous nation, a French study said on Wednesday.
一项法国研究在星期三表示，2050年世界人口将从现在的71亿上升至97亿，印度将赶上中国并成为世界上人口最多的国家。
A bi-annual report by the French Institute of Demographic Studies (Ined) projected there would be 10 to 11 billion people on the planet by the end of the century。
根据法国人口研究机构的一年两次的报告预计在本世纪末地球的人口将有100亿到110亿。
The projections ran parallel to forecasts by the United Nations, the World Bank and other prominent national institutes.
此次预测的结论与联合国、世界银行等其他国家著名的研究机构所得出的结论一致。
A UN study in June said the global population would swell to 9.6 billion in 2050 and the number of people aged 60 and above would catapult from 841 million now to two billion in 2050 and nearly three billion in 2100.
联合国一项研究称全球人口在2050年将膨胀至96亿人，超过60岁的人口将从现在的8.41亿人激增至20亿，到2100年将接近30亿。
Ined said Africa would be home to a quarter of the world's population in 2050 with 2.5 billion people, more than double the current level of 1.1 billion.
非洲的人口达到25亿并占全球人口的四分之一，是现在人口11亿的两倍。
Gilles Pison, the author of the report, said the prevailing fertility rate in Africa was around 4.8 children per woman — far higher than the global average of 2.5.
该报告的作者称，当时非洲生育率大约是每名妇女4.8个孩子，远高于全球平均水平的2.5个孩子。
The Americas will breach the one-billion mark in 2050 with 1.2 billion inhabitants against 958 million at present.
美洲的人口在2050年将突破10亿将达到12亿，并与现在的居民人口9.58亿形成鲜明的对比。
And Asia's population will increase from 4.3 billion to 5.2 billion in 2050, Ined forecast
预测亚洲的人口在2050年将从现在的43亿增加到52亿。
The world's most populous nations are currently China with 1.3 billion people; followed by India (1.2 billion); the United States (316.2 million); Indonesia (248.5 million) and Brazil (195.5 million)
世界上人口最多的国家，目前中国有13亿人；印度以12亿人紧随其后；美国3.162亿人；印度尼西亚2.485亿人和巴西1.955亿人。
But in 2050, India will take pole position with 1.6 billion people with China in second place at 1.3 billion
但是到2050年，印度的人口将达到顶峰也就是16亿人，同时中国以13亿人口排在第二名。
Nigeria, Africa's most populous country, will outstrip the United States with a population of 444 million against a projected 400 million Americans in the middle of the century.
在本世纪中叶，尼日利亚的人口为4.44亿，超过美国的4亿人口并成为非洲地区人口最多的国家。
India will overtake the United States as the world's second-largest economy by 2050 according to a newly published report.
根据一份新发布的报告，印度将在2050年取代美国成为世界第二大经济体。
Experts at PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) claimed emerging economies such as India China Brazil and Russia will boom at the expense of the advanced G7 nations such as the United States Britain France and Germany.
普华永道的专家声称，新兴经济体（印度、中国、巴西和俄罗斯等）将以先进的G7国家（美国、英国、法国和德国等）为代价，繁荣发展。
The report 'The long view: how will the global economic order change by 2050?' compares 32 countries by ranking their GDP and Purchasing Power Parity which assesses the standard of living in each country and what people can buy on an average wage.
报告《长期观点：到2050年全球经济秩序将如何改变？》比较了32个国家，将它们的GDP（国内生产总值）和PPP（购买力平价，用于评估每个国家的生活水平，以及在平均工资水平人们的购买力）进行了排名。
According to PwC: 'China has already overtaken the US to be largest economy based on GDP in PPP terms and could be the largest valued at market exchange rates before 2030.
根据普华永道（的报告）：”基于购买力平价（PPP）的国内生产总值（GDP），中国已经超越美国成为最大经济体，而如果根据市场汇率进行计算的话，中国将在2030年前成为世界第一。“
'India could overtake the US by 2050 to go into 2nd place and Indonesia could move into 4th place by 2050 overtaking advanced economies like Japan and Germany.
”在2050年，印度可能会超过美国成为第2，而印度尼西亚可能会移至第4，超过诸如日本和德国之类的发达经济体。“
'By 2050 six of the seven largest economies in the world could be emerging markets.'Russia will be the largest economy in Europe by 2050 according to the report.
报告还指出，”2050年，世界7大经济体中的6个可能都是新兴市场。而俄罗斯将成为欧洲最大的经济体。“
By mid-century, the sun could be the largest source of energy and help reign in global warming by preventing the release of billions of tons of carbon dioxide emissions, according to a new report from the International Energy Agency.
国际能源署（International Energy Agency）在最近发布的一份报告中表示，到本世纪中叶，太阳能有可能成为全球使用规模最大的能源，这将会减少数十亿吨二氧化碳的排放，从而有助于抑制全球变暖趋势。
The bullish report is the latest dose of good news for the solar industry that has seen phenomenal growth. Global demand is expected to double every two years through 2022 as prices fall and the technology continues to improve. The United States is one of the markets poised for strong growth.
对于近年增长势头迅猛的太阳能行业而言，这份乐观的报告无疑是一针强心剂。从现在起直到2022年，随着太阳能的价格逐步下降而技术持续完善，预期全球需求将会每两年翻上一番。美国市场更是有望出现强劲增长的市场之一。
Though it is the fastest growing source of renewable electricity, solar power still only represents a fraction of energy mix dominated by fossil fuels. Globally, it provides 0.5 percent of electricity generation and, in the United States, it currently provides 0.2 percent of energy generation.
虽然太阳能是增长最快的可再生电力来源，但在以矿物燃料为主的能源组合中，太阳能目前仍然只占很小的比例。从全球来看，太阳能发电仅占各类能源总发电量的0.5%，而在美国，这一比例仅为0.2%。
“The rapid cost decrease of photovoltaic modules and systems in the last few years has opened new perspectives for using solar energy as a major source of electricity in the coming years and decades,” IEA Executive Director Maria van der Hoeven said. “However, both technologies are very capital intensive: almost all expenditures are made upfront. Lowering the cost of capital is thus of primary importance for achieving the vision in these roadmaps.”
“过去几年里，光伏组件和光伏系统的成本迅速下降，为太阳能在未来数年和数十年内发展成为主要的电力来源开辟了新的前景，”国际能源署总干事玛丽亚o范德胡芬表示，“但是，这两种技术都属于资本密集型行业——几乎所有的开支都需要在前期就早早投入。因此降低资本成本便成了实现这些发展路径图的首要任务。”
The price of solar photovoltaic, or PV, systems is expected to drop by 65 percent by 2050, van der Hoeven said. Another key to the growth of solar will be government offering up clear policies to support the sector. The solar sector in the United States, for example, has benefited from the solar investment tax credit, which provides a 30 percent tax credit for solar systems on residential and commercial properties. The industry is pushing for it to be extended beyond 2016.
据范德胡芬介绍，到2050年，预计太阳能光伏（PV）系统的价格将下降65%。而推动太阳能增长的另外一个关键所在，则要靠政府制定出明确的产业扶持政策。例如美国的太阳能产业就可以获得太阳能投资税收减免优惠——政府对民用住宅和商用建筑中采用的太阳能发电系统提供高达30%的税收减免。该行业目前正在积极游说政府将这一优惠延长到2016年以后。
“By contrast,” van der Hoeven said, “where there is a record of policy incoherence, confusing signals or stop-and-go policy cycles, investors end up paying more for their investment, consumers pays more for their energy, and some projects that are needed simply will not go ahead.”
“与之相反，”范德胡芬继续介绍，“有些地方的政策不连贯、不明朗或者时断时续，导致投资者需要为投资付出更高的成本，消费者需要为购买能源付出更高的费用，甚至有一些存在需求的项目最后却难以为继。”
With 137 gigawatts of installed capacity at the end of 2013, PV has dominated the market — adding more capacity since 2010 than the previous four decades — and will continue to do so through 2030, according to the IEA. But once solar reaches from 5 percent to 15 percent of electricity generation, the picture changes.
根据国际能源署的报告，太阳能光伏在2013年年底的装机容量达到137千兆瓦，在能源市场上占据了主导地位——自2010年至今的新增容量甚至超过了之前40年的新增容量——并会将这种增长势头一直延续到2030年。不过，一旦太阳能光伏占到了各类能源总发电量的5%到15%，局面就会发生变化。
At that point, PV begins to lose value in wholesale markets while solar thermal electricity, which uses the solar to produce steam power, “takes off at this stage thanks to (concentrating solar power) plants’ built-in thermal storage, which allows for generation of electricity when demand peaks in late afternoon and in the evening, thus complementing PV generation.”
到那时，太阳能光伏发电将会开始在批发市场丧失价值，而利用太阳能产生蒸汽动力的太阳能热能发电技术，则会“在这一阶段开始蓬勃发展，这要归功于（聚光太阳能）电厂内部的蓄热器可在属于用电高峰时段的傍晚和夜间进行热能发电，对太阳能光伏发电形成补充。”
Across the globe, China is expected to continue to lead the way on PV, followed by the United States. Solar thermal, meanwhile, has greatest potential in sunny areas meaning it probably be a “major opportunity” for Africa, India, the Middle East and the United States.
展望全球，预计中国将继续在太阳能光伏领域引领风骚，美国则紧随其后。与此同时，太阳能热能发电则在日照充足的地区拥有无限的潜力，这意味着非洲、印度、中东和美国将迎来“重大发展机遇”。
重点单词
查看全部解释
population
[.p?pju'lein]
想一想再看
n. 人口 ，(全体)居民，人数
联想记忆
X
单词population 联想记忆：
popul人民+ation→人口
commission
[k?'min]
想一想再看
n. 委员会，委托，委任，佣金，犯罪
vt.
联想记忆
X
单词commission 联想记忆：
com共同，miss＝mit送－共同送东西到指定处－委托com共同，mission（n 使命，任务）－受了别人的委托，说明你得到了别人的信任，所以这是一种使命。
executive
[ig'zekjutiv]
想一想再看
adj. 行政的，决策的，经营的，[计算机]执行指令<b
favorable
['feiv?r?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 有利的，赞许的，良好的，顺利的，偏袒的
circular
['s?:kjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 循环的，圆形的
n. 传单，通报
联想记忆
X
单词circular 联想记忆：
circ圆，环+ular表形容词→圆的；循环的
deputy
['depjuti]
想一想再看
adj. 代理的，副的
n. 代表，副手
联想记忆
X
单词deputy 联想记忆：
de下，put放－下放权力－代理
participate
[pɑ:'tisipeit]
想一想再看
vt. 分享
vi. 参加，参与
联想记忆
X
单词participate 联想记忆：
parti部分+cip进入+ate→进入一部分→参加，参与
awareness
[?'wnis]
想一想再看
n. 认识，意识，了解
联想记忆
X
单词awareness 联想记忆：
a+ware注视+ness→意识，知觉
contribute
[k?n'tribju:t]
想一想再看
vt. 捐助，投稿
vi. 投稿，贡献，是原因
联想记忆
X
单词contribute 联想记忆：
con全部，tribute给予－全部给予－捐献
director
[di'rekt?, dai'rekt?]
想一想再看
n. 董事，经理，主管，指导者，导演
We live in an age where if we're unsure of a fact, we can just Google it.
我们生活在这样一个年代：有事拿不准，就去找谷歌。
And it appears many people ask the search engine some strange questions and rely on it to provide guidance in the event of an existential crisis, asking 'when will I die?' and 'why are we here?'
似乎许多人都会向搜索引擎提些稀奇古怪的问题，还在遭遇生存危机时指望它提供指导意见，比如问“我何时会死去呢”以及“我们存在的意义是什么”。
Thousands of people ask Google if they are pregnant, whether pigs sweat and where to hide a dead body, every month.
每个月都有数千人询问谷歌自己是否怀孕了，猪会流汗吗以及往哪儿藏尸。
The most popular question on the pictorial chart, created by marketing agency Digitaloft is: 'Am I pregnant?'
在营销机构Digitaloft制作的图表上，最热搜的问题是：“我怀孕了吗？”
A staggering 90,500 women ask the search engine this question every month, presumably hoping it can provide an answer in lieu of a pregnancy test.
每月竟有90500位女性搜索这个问题，大概是希望谷歌能代替验孕测试，给出个答案。
The second and third most popular questions on the list are: 'How do I get home?' and 'are aliens real?'
列表上排在第二、第三位的最热门问题是：“我怎么回家？”和“真的有外星人吗？”
While the first question may seem downright daft, a box pops up allowing users in input their postcode or zipcode, to help them with their journey, but unfortunately the search engine is not able to beat Nasa in its quest to find alien life, which it hopes to do before 2025.
尽管前一个问题可能看起来蠢透了，但有个窗口会跳出来，让用户输入他们家的邮政编码，帮助他们回家。只可惜在寻找外星生命方面，搜索引擎无法超越美国太空总署，而后者希望在2025年之前发现外星生命。
Of course many people use Google as a digital doctor, searching for answers to embarrassing ailments. So it's no surprise users ask it bizarre questions about their body.
当然，许多人把谷歌当成网络医生来使用，为一些尴尬的病症搜寻解决办法。因此，用户问一些有关身体的诡异问题也就不奇怪了。
According to the chart, 49,500 people a month ask whether passing wind burns calories, but unfortunately the myth this bodily function burns 67 calories is false.
图表显示，每月有49500人问放屁是否燃烧卡路里，但很抱歉，这一身体机能可消耗67卡路里的传说是假的。
Some 22,200 are curious as to why men have nipples, while a more troubled 4,400 people a month Google 'why does my bellybutton smell?'
约22200人好奇为什么男性有乳头，而每月有超过4400个倍感烦心的人问谷歌“我的肚脐为什么有气味？”
Worryingly, 3,600 people a month ask whether men have periods, with another 2,900 querying whether men can become pregnant, displaying a rather poor grasp of biology.
每月有3600人焦虑不安，问男性是否有经期，而另有2900人求解男人能否怀孕，这都显示出生物知识的极度匮乏。
A whopping 49,500 people ask the search engine 'when will I die' every month and it seems users are just as clueless when it comes to animals.
每月，多达49500人问搜索引擎“我何时会死”，且似乎在有关动物的问题上，人们简直一无所知。
Some 18,100 people ask Google whether penguins have knees every month, 8,100 want to know if pigs sweat and 2,900 are curious whether worms have eyes – they don't.
每个月约18100人问谷歌企鹅有膝盖吗，8100人想知道猪会否流汗，2900人好奇蠕虫有没有眼睛——它们没有。
An insecure 2,900 people every month ask the search engine 'does my dog love me?' every month.
每月还有2900个缺乏安全感的人问搜索引擎“我的狗狗爱我吗”。
Other popular but worrying questions people ask Google every month, include ' how do I hide the dead body? – with 480 queries and 'what happens if I drink blood?' with 880 queries a month.
另有一些热门提问挺让人担忧，其中包括“如何藏尸”——480次搜索，“我要是喝了血会怎样”——一个月内有880次搜索。
Some 800 people a month ask Google 'can I marry my cousin?' according to the infographic, meaning 10,560 people a year might be considering popping the question to a relative.
根据图表，每月约有800人问谷歌“我可以和表亲结婚吗”，这意味着每年可能有10560人考虑向某个亲戚求婚。
Others are in search of answers to life's mysteries, with 8,100 people asking Google 'why are we here?' every month and the same number asking if the tooth fairy is real.
其他一些人则追问生命的奥秘。每月有8100人问谷歌“我们存在的意义是什么”，还有同样数量的人请教是不是真有牙仙。
We recently asked members of the BuzzFeed Community to choose the movie clichés annoy the hell out of them. Here are some of their responses!
我们最近请Buzzfeed论坛的用户选出最让他们反感的电影桥段。以下是他们的答复！
1. People waking up in hospital and immediately being alert enough to pull out their IV drips.
在医院里醒来的人立刻警惕地拔掉静脉输液管。
2. Defibrillators having magical properties that can bring people back to life, even when not used properly.
除颤器（通过电击心脏控制心肌运动的设备）有让人起死回生的神奇效用，甚至在使用不当的情况下。
3. Characters at bars never having to pay or show ID.
电影中的角色在酒吧里从来都不用付钱或出示身份证（核查是否达到可以饮酒的年龄）。
4. People wearing shoes on their bed.
人们在床上穿着鞋子。
5. Women still being hairless with groomed eyebrows in the midst of a post-apocalyptic wasteland.
在末日后的荒原上，女性依然皮肤光滑（没有体毛），而且眉毛依然修得很精致。
6. Nobody ever saying "goodbye" on the phone and always hanging up instead.
没人在电话里说“再见”，总是直接挂电话。
7. The over-use of "it's showtime!"
过度使用“好戏就要上演了！”这句台词。
8. Women wearing tank tops and underwear to bed.
女性穿着背心和内衣睡觉。
"The vast majority of women sleep in their underwear and a tiny little top. Reality is we sleep in oversized T-shirts and that pair of leggings.”
“（电影中）大多数女性穿着内衣和小背心睡觉，而事实上我们都是穿着超大的T恤衫和打底裤睡觉的。”
9. Women always wearing men's button-down shirts as a ~sexy~ outfit.
女士们总是把有领扣的男士衬衫当成“性感”服饰来穿。
10. A character switching on the news and it always being conveniently related to the plot in that moment.
一个角色看新闻通常总是与当时的剧情有关。
"Whenever they turn on the TV, the news channel is reporting on that exact crime that same moment. They could easily change this to the characters checking that news on social media sites or someone forwarding that news to their messengers."
“当他们打开电视的时候，新闻频道正在报道当时发生的犯罪事件。镜头可能轻易地就转向角色在社交媒体网站上查看这条新闻，或某个人把这条新闻转发给了他们。”
11. A nerdy character explaining something and someone replying with "in English please."
一个书呆子式的角色解释某样东西的时候，某个人会说“请讲人话”。
12. Women pretty much never going into battle with their hair pulled back.
女性几乎从来不会向后捋头发（不会因为头发糊在脸上而烦躁）。
"Don’t you realise how annoying having your hair in your face is when you're trying to concentrate?"
“你难道没有意识到，当你想集中注意力的时候，头发糊在脸上有多烦吗？”
13. Any time that women vomit in movies, it's an indication of pregnancy.
女性在电影里呕吐意味着她怀孕了。
14. Every alien invasion involving a blue sky beam.
每一次外星人入侵的时候，空中都有一道蓝色的光束。
15. Kids in movies being super-precocious and wise.
电影里的孩子非常早熟，而且还很聪明。
16. Movies pretending that slim female characters eat nothing but junk food all the time and never exercise.
电影里假装苗条的女性角色一直只吃垃圾食品，而且还从不锻炼。
17. People planning dates without exchanging any important details.
人们计划约会的时候都不用交流任何重要细节。
18. Nobody eating the food they order at restaurants.
没人吃他们在饭店里点的食物。
19. People drinking from obviously empty cups.
人们喝水的时候，杯子里明显是空的。
20. Girls only being considered attractive once they straighten their hair and get rid of their glasses.
女孩只有拉直头发并摘下眼镜才被认为是有魅力的。
1. Most of it doesn’t matter.So much of what I got excited about, anxious about, or wasted my time and energy on, turned out not to matter. There are only a few things that truly count for a happy life. I wish I had known to concentrate on those and ignore the rest.
1.拥有一颗平常心。
太多我曾经为其兴奋，为其焦虑，亦或是浪费了我时间以及精力的事情到最后却被证明是无关紧要的。它们只是幸福生活里极其微小的一部分。我多么希望早点知道这些，以便能把精力都投入到这些关乎幸福的事，而不是其他。
2. The greatest source of misery and hatred in this world is clinging to past hurts.Look at all the terrorists and militant groups that hark back to some event long gone, or base their justification for killing on claims of some supposed historical right to a bit of land, or redress for a wrong done hundreds of years ago.
2.这个世界上痛苦与仇恨最大源泉是对过去的执迷。
看看那些恐怖组织和激进分子，他们总是抓住过去的一些事情不放，或把一小片土地的历史归属问题作为他们进行杀戮的理由，更或是为了修正几百年前的所谓的历史错误。
201003/98266.shtml
3. Waiting to do something until you can be sure of doing it exactly right means waiting for ever.One of the greatest advantages anyone can have is the willingness to make a fool of themselves publicly and often. There’s no better way to learn and develop. Heck, it’s fun too.
3.等待有把握时再去做一件事，往往意味着永远的等待。
一个人能做的最大的冒险事情，就是乐意在公共场合经常暴露自己的愚昧。没有什么能比这样学得更快。“哎呀”, 也是一种乐趣。
4.Following the latest fashion, in work or in life, is spiritual and intellectual suicide.You can be a cheap imitation of the ideal of the moment; or you can be a unique individual. The choice is yours. Religion isn’t the opiate of the masses, fashion is.
4.盲目追赶潮流是对精神和智力的扼杀
你可以成为一个廉价的时尚木偶，也可以成为独一无二的你，这些都在于自己的选择。信仰不是群众的鸦片，流行才是。
201003/98266.shtml
5. If people complain that you’re too fond of going your own way and aren’t fitting in, you must be on the right track.Who wants to live life as a herd animal? The guys in power don’t want you to fit in for your own sake; they want you to stop causing them problems and follow their orders. You can’t have the freedom to be yourself and meekly fit in at the same time.
5.如果有人抱怨你太特立独行，恭喜你，你正走在正确的路上
谁愿意像动物一样活着？那些强有力的家伙们不希望你按照自己的意愿去做，他们希望你停止给他们制造麻烦并听从他们的命令。但你得知道，你无法做到在卑躬屈膝的同时又能活出自我。
6. If you make your work your life, you’re making your life into hard work. Like most people,I confused myself by looking at people like artists and musicians whose life’s “work” fills their time. That isn’t work. It’s who they are. Unless you have some overwhelming passion that also happens to allow you to earn a living doing it, always remember that work should be a means to an end: living an enjoyable life. Spend as little time on the means as possible consistent with achieving the end. Only idiots live to work.
6.如果你将工作等同于生活，那么你将为工作而生活
和很多人一样，当看到那些艺术家和音乐家的工作几乎是全部的生活，我感到很困惑。其实那不是工作，那是他们的自我。除非你有无法抵挡的激情，恰巧也能让你从中得以谋生，否则请永远记住，工作只是一种手段，而不是目的，我们的最终目的是享受生活。在实现目的的同时，尽可能地少花时间在手段上。只有傻瓜才是为工作而生活。
201003/98266.shtml
7. The quickest and simplest way to wreck any relationship is to listen to gossip.The worst way to spend your time is spreading more. People who spread gossip are the plague-carriers of our day. Cockroaches are clean, kindly creatures in comparison.
7.破坏关系的最快最简单的方法就是听信谣言
浪费你时间的最糟糕方式是传播这些谣言。传播流言蜚语的人好比瘟疫的携带者，相比之下，蟑螂都比他们干净、善良。
8. Trying to please other people is largely a futile activity. Everyone will be mad at you sometime.Most of the people you deal with will dislike, disparage, belittle, or ignore what you say or do most of the time. Besides, you can never really know what others do want, so a good deal of whatever you do in that regard will go to waste. Be comforted. Those who love you will probably love you regardless, and they are the ones whose opinions are worth caring about. The rest aren’t worth five minutes of thought between them.
8.试图取悦别人是徒劳无益的做法
总有些人会对你发飙。很多你接触的人，在很多时候也会不喜欢、贬低、轻视或忽略你。另外，你永远也不知道别人真正的需要，因此你为此所做的所有努力都会付诸东流。放松些吧，爱你的人终究会包容你的过失，他们才是值得我们在乎的人。其他那些人，他们甚至都不值得花5分钟去考虑。
201003/98266.shtml
9. Every winner is destined to be a loser in due course.It’s great to be up on the winner’s podium. Just don’t imagine you can stay there for ever. Worst of all is being determined to do so, by any means available.
9.没有永久的胜利者
踏上冠军宝座是件好事情。但不要梦想着可以永久占据这个位置，最糟糕的是，你正决定为达此目的而不择手段。
10.You can rarely, if ever, please, placate, change, or mollify an asshole.The best thing you can do is stay away from every one you encounter. Being an asshole is a contagious disease. The more time you spend around one, the more likely you are to catch it and become one too.
10.不可能取悦、平息或改造一个混蛋
你能做的最好方式，是和他们敬而远之。变成混蛋也能传染，你和他们呆的时间越长，你也越有可能染上混蛋的习气或者你就成为混蛋。
201003/98266.shtml
11. Everything takes twiceas long as you plan for and produces results about half as good as you hoped. There’s no reason to be downhearted about this. Just allow for it and move on.
11.努力加倍，期望减半
任何事情都是花掉你计划的两倍时间，最后却只换来你一半的期望结果。没什么好为此沮丧的，（中国俗话说：事倍功半）让它去吧，你要继续前行。
12. People are oddly consistent.Liars usually tell lies. Cheaters cheat whenever it suits them. A person who confides in you has usually confided in several others first—but not got the response they wanted. A loyal friend will stay loyal under enormous amounts of thoughtless abuse.
12.人是奇怪的偏执狂
撒谎者总是撒谎，骗子总要行骗。一个人对你倾诉的时候，通常已在其它人的面前倾诉过，只是可能没有得到想要回应。一位忠诚的朋友，无论遭受多大的冤屈依旧忠诚。
201003/98266.shtml
13.However hard you try, you can’t avoid being yourself.Who else could you be? You can act and pretend, but the person acting and pretending is still you. And if you won’t accept yourself—and do the best you can with what you have—who then has any obligation to accept you?
13.接纳自己
不管你怎么努力，你都无法逃避成为自己。除了自己，你还能成为谁呢？你可以扮演和假装，但进行扮演和假装的人还是你自己。如果你都无法接纳自己，没有努力挖掘自己已有的东西，那么谁有义务接纳你呢？
14. When it comes to blatant lies, there are none more egregious than budget figures.Time spent agonizing over them is time wasted. Even if (miracle of miracles!) yours are honest and accurate, no one else will have been so foolish.
14.谈到公众谎言，没有比预算数字更令人震惊的
把时间折腾在这上面，是浪费时间。既使(奇迹中的奇迹!) 你是实事求是并且准确的, 其他人也不会那么愚蠢。
201003/98266.shtml
15. The loudest noise in the world is the sound of people whining.Don’t add to it.
15.世界上最大的噪音是人们的抱怨，不要再增加了。
201003/98266.shtmlHow You Spend Your 20s Will Define You
20几岁的人生轨迹会决定你的一生
Many 20-somethings believe they have all time in the world and how they spend their 20s doesn't matter. But they matter most. The foundation you build in your 20s will define the rest of your life. Take yourself seriously.
很多20几岁的年轻人觉得自己在这个世界上还有大把时间，怎么度过自己的20几岁无关紧要。但事实是，20几岁的人生轨迹非常重要。你在20几岁奠定下的人生基础将会决定你的一生。所以，认真对待自己20几岁的时光吧。
1.Adult Responsibilities Make You Happier
1.成人的责任会让你更快乐
While many young people may resist getting a "real job" or becoming independent, these are the things that make you happy and give you purpose. Some people underestimate the satisfaction of working, thinking they’ll be miserable in a cube. The 20-somethings that do work are happier than those who don’t or are underemployed.
很多年轻人不愿意去找份“像样的工作”或者独立生活，但正是这些东西让你变得快乐、给了你人生的目标。有一些人会低估工作满意度的重要性，觉得憋在格子间里的工作生不如死。真相是，有工作的20几岁的年轻人比那些没有工作的同龄人要活得更快乐。
2.Get The Best Job You Can Get
2.竭尽全力获得最好的工作
If you invest in your career early, you'll have longer to build it up. 70% of wage growth happens in the first 10 years, so you need to get the best job you can get and negotiate your salary. People who wait until their 30s to get going are never going to catch up.
如果你尽早地给职业生涯进行投资，那么你就有更多的时间来把它建好。70%的涨薪机会出现在职业生涯的头十年里，所以你必须尽力获得最好的工作，并谈好薪水。等到30几岁再去想这些就为时已晚了。
3.Not Making A Choice Is A Choice
3.不选择也是一种选择
Many 20-somethings don't know what they want to do, so they hang around the house or in low-level jobs waiting for the spirit to move them. Not making a choice is a choice. These 20-somethings think they are keeping their options open, but they are actually closing doors. Resumes start look thin, their peers begin surpassing them and they may get stuck in underemployment.
很多20几岁的年轻人不知道自己想要什么，就宅在家里，或做一些没有技术含量的工作，等到哪天兴致来了再去找更好的出路。不选择也是一种选择。这些20几岁的年轻人觉得自己向机会敞开了大门，实际上他们是在把前路堵上。他们的简历会看上去很单薄，被同龄人赶超，还会受限于没有充分的工作经验。
4.It's Going To Take Time To Get Good At Your Job
4.精通一份工作需要时间来历练
It will take about 10,000 hours (or about five years) to really master their jobs. If you're wondering why colleagues seem so poised and confident, it's partly because they've been doing it longer. young people should learn as much as they can in their first jobs and remember it will take some time to really get good.
精通一份工作需要一万个小时（约5年）的时间来历练。如果你想知道为什么同事们看上去是如此镇定自若、信心十足，从某种程度上来说，那是因为他们从事这份工作的时间够长够久。年轻人需要在头几份工作中尽量地多学习。记住，想把一件事做好，是需要花时间的。
5.Get Some Perspective
5.从不同角度多想想
The 20-something brain is still developing its frontal lobe, which is in charge of overriding emotion with reason. This, coupled with less on-the-job experience, means 20-somethings are more sensitive to surprise and criticism. They are more likely to take feedback personally, and magnify events to enormous proportions in their minds. Step back and get some perspective. You're not going to be fired because your boss is angry. Hear the criticism and learn from it.
大脑中负责用理智控制情感的大脑前额叶在20几岁的时候还处在发育的阶段。同时，年轻人的工作经验较少，这就意味着20几岁的年轻人对于意外和批评会表现得更加情绪化。他们更有可能把别人的反馈当成是针对自己，在脑海里把事情严重放大。退后一步，从不同角度多想想。你不会因为老板生气了就被炒鱿鱼。多听听批评意见，并从中学习经验教训。
6.Change Your Brain For Life
6.为生活改变你的大脑
The brain doesn't fully mature until your mid-20s, particularly the parts that plan for the future and manage emotions. That doesn't mean you should sit around and wait for it to develop. In fact, what you learn and experience in your 20s becomes hardwired into your brain, and this is the best chance you have to re-wire your brain and change how you think and react. What people do in their 20s wires who they’ll be as adults.
25岁之前，大脑还没有完全发育成熟，尤其是负责未来规划和情感管理的部分。但这并不意味着你就应该坐等大脑发育成熟。事实上，在20几岁时学到和经历过的事务会烙印进你的大脑，而这就是改变你的大脑、改变思维和反应方式的最好时机。20几岁时所做的事情将决定这些年轻人以后的样子。
More than 10 Chinese provinces have said that they will sponsor high-level soccer events or even the World Cup as part of their soccer reform plans that were announced recently.
日前，国内10余个省份表示将承办高水平足球赛事，甚至是世界杯，这是这些省份近期公布的足球改革方案的部分内容。
Of the 20 that have published their own plans, at least 13 say they look forward to holding large international soccer events, or "actively pursue applying for the FIFA World Cup".
在20个已公布足改方案的省份中，至少有13省称期待举办大型国际足球赛事或“积极参与申办国际足联世界杯”。
The plans are an indication that the regions have the desire to support China as a host of the World Cup and could start making long-term preparations for this, said Wang Dazhao, a Beijing soccer commentator.
北京足球评论员汪大昭表示，这些方案表明，这些地区有意愿支持我国成为世界杯主办国，并可以开始为此做出长期准备。
"For local governments, hosting a great sporting events such as the World Cup would mean an opportunity to improve their urban design and infrastructure," Wang noted.
汪大昭指出：“对地方政府来说，承办世界杯这类的大型体育赛事意味着一个完善其城市设计和基础设施的机会。”
According to Beijing's soccer reform plans that were announced in October, the city will develop a more mature and healthy soccer culture and make an active bid for an international top-level soccer event, the China News Service reported.
中国新闻社报道称，根据于10月份宣布的北京市足球改革方案，北京市将创造一种更加成熟和健康的足球文化，并积极申办国际顶级足球赛事。
"China has several cities with a soccer tradition, such as Beijing and Shanghai, but now other regions, such as Jiangsu and Zhejiang, have been developing a soccer culture by getting clubs in the national top leagues," Wang said.
汪大昭称：“我国有些城市，如北京、上海，有足球传统，但现在江苏、浙江等其他地区也正通过使俱乐部进入全国顶级联赛来培养足球文化。”
"Soccer fans could be exposed to more foreign soccer culture through the World Cup and that could increase the sport's popularity. I really would like to experience the crazy, frantic air of the World Cup in China," one soccer fan, surnamed Zhang, told the Global Times.
一位姓张的球迷向《环球时报》透露：“通过世界杯，球迷们可以接触到更多的外国足球文化，这样可以增加这项运动的受欢迎程度。我真的很想在中国体验一下世界杯的狂热的、疯狂的气氛。”
GENEVA — Weather-related disasters in the past two decades have killed more than 600,000 people and inflicted economic losses estimated at trillions of dollars, the United Nations said on Monday, warning that the frequency and impact of such events was set to rise.
日内瓦——联合国周一表示，在过去二十年里，与天气有关的灾害夺去了60多万人的生命，并造成数万亿美元的经济损失。它还发出警告，此类灾害发生的频率未来还会加大，其影响力也会进一步增强。
The figures were released before a United Nations-backed climate meeting, starting next Monday in Paris, at which more than 120 national leaders will try to rein in greenhouse gas emissions and slow the rise in global temperatures.
这些数字是在联合国支持召开的全球气候会议前夕发布的。该会议将于下周一在巴黎揭幕，届时120多个国家的领导人将一起商讨对策，竭力控制温室气体排放，减慢全球气温上升的速度。
According to the report from the United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction, the United States has suffered the highest number of weather-related disasters in the past two decades, but China and India have been the most severely affected, enduring floods that had an impact on billions of people.
联合国减灾办公室(United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction)发布的这份报告显示，在过去二十年里，美国出现的与天气有关的灾害数量最多，但中国和印度是受影响最大的国家，有数十亿人遭受过洪灾。
As well as killing hundreds of thousands, weather-related disasters wounded 4.1 billion others and inflicted economic costs well in excess of $1.9 trillion over the two decades, the report found.
该报告还发现，在过去二十年里，除了导致数十万人丧生，与天气有关的灾害还导致另外41亿人受伤，并带来超过1.9万亿美元的经济损失。
The United Nations office recorded an average of 335 weather-related disasters every year over the two decades, double the level in the previous 10 years. The report counted events that had killed 10 or more people, affected more than 1,000 and generated appeals for external assistance.
据联合国减灾办公室统计，过去二十年，美国每年平均有335起与天气有关的灾害发生，与之前十年的水平相比，频率翻倍。该报告统计的是死亡人数至少为十人，影响人数逾千并需要外部援助的事件的数量。
“Predictions of more extreme weather in the future almost certainly means that we will witness a continued upward trend in weather-related disasters in the decades ahead,” the report said.
“对未来更加极端的天气状况的预测显示，接下来的几十年，我们几乎必然会看到，与天气相关的灾害持续增加，”文中写道。
In a foreword to the findings, Margareta Wahlstrom, the head of the disaster reduction office, said the findings “underline why it is so important that a new climate change agreement emerges” from the summit meeting in Paris.
在这份报告的前言中，联合国减灾办公室负责人玛格丽塔·瓦尔斯特伦(Margareta Wahlstrom)表示，这些发现“突显出”在巴黎举行的气候峰会上“达成新的气候变化协议为何如此重要”。
Citing the rising temperature of the oceans and melting glaciers as two central drivers of extreme weather, Ms. Wahlstrom said that agreement on reducing greenhouse gas emissions would help reduce the huge damage and losses inflicted by disasters linked to climate.
瓦尔斯特伦指出，海洋温度上升和冰川融化是极端天气状况出现的两大核心因素，而削减温室气体排放的协议将有助于减少与气候有关的灾害带来的巨大伤亡和损失。
The connection between extreme weather and climate change is not always clear. There is strong evidence that the warming climate is creating more frequent and intense heat waves, causing heavier rainstorms, worsening coastal flooding and intensifying some droughts, but for many other types of weather occurrences, the linkage is less clear.
极端天气和气候变化之间的联系并不总是那么明确。有强有力的证据表明，气候变暖在制造频次更多、强度更大的热浪，引发更严重的风暴，加重沿海洪灾和一些地区的旱灾。不过，在很多其他类型的天气状况方面，就不大能确定它们是否和气候变化有关。
Floods accounted for close to half of all the weather-related disasters, affecting 2.3 billion people, mostly in Asia, the report found. Storms had taken the heaviest toll of lives, however, causing about 242,000 recorded deaths, including 138,000 killed by Cyclone Nargis, which struck Myanmar in 2008.
该报告显示，与天气有关的灾害有将近一半是洪灾，波及23亿人，大多数是在亚洲地区。不过，造成人员伤亡最大的是风暴，它导致的有记录的死亡人数约为24.2万，其中单单2008年缅甸遭遇的热带气旋“纳尔吉斯”(Cyclone Nargis)就造成了13.8万人死亡。
Droughts, most acute in Africa, had affected more than a billion people in the past two decades, leading not only to hunger, malnutrition and disease but also to widespread agricultural failure that resulted in long-lasting underdevelopment, the report said.
该报告称，过去二十年，干旱问题——在非洲最为严重——影响了逾10亿人。它不仅会使人饥饿、营养不良和患病，还会导致广泛的农业欠收，致使该地区长期落后。
Heat waves had killed 148,000, mostly in Europe, and wildfires had emerged as another climate-related risk, according to the report. About 38 major wildfires in the United States were estimated to have affected more than 108,000 people and caused recorded losses of over $11 billion — numbers the report said were sure to rise when fires that were raging after August 2015, the cutoff point for data, were taken into account.
报告还显示，热浪导致了14.8万人死亡，大部分是在欧洲，而山火作为另一种与气候有关的隐患，也开始显现。美国大概发生了38起重大山火灾难，影响人数超过10.8万人，造成的经济损失逾110亿美元。报告提示，考虑到统计截止时间是在2015年8月，而之后此类灾害肆虐，这些数字显然还会升高。
The figure of $1.9 trillion for the worldwide cost of the disasters was drawn up for the United Nations by the Center for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters, based in Belgium. The center said that figure was a minimum, however, as data was available for only a little more than a third of the recorded disasters.
全球灾难带来的19万亿美元的损失这一数字，是由位于比利时的灾害流行病学研究中心(Center for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters)得出的。不过该中心表示，这个数字仅为最低值，因为他们只拿到了将将超过三分之一的灾难统计数据。
重点单词
查看全部解释
plot
[pl?t]
想一想再看
n. 阴谋，情节，图，(小块)土地，
v. 绘
request
[ri'kwest]
想一想再看
n. 要求，请求
vt. 请求，要求
联想记忆
X
单词request 联想记忆：
源于：require（v 需要；要求；命令）
routine
[ru:'ti:n]
想一想再看
n. 例行公事，常规，无聊
adj. 常规的，
联想记忆
X
单词routine 联想记忆：
rout[=route常走的道路]+ine表名词，“状态，药物等”→常规
mass
[m?s]
想一想再看
n. 块，大量，众多
adj. 群众的，大规模
concerned
[k?n's?:nd]
想一想再看
adj. 担忧的，关心的
rocky
['r?ki]
想一想再看
adj. 岩石的，像岩石的，坚硬的，麻木的，困难重重的
devastated
['dev?steitid]
想一想再看
adj. 毁坏的；极为震惊的 v. 毁坏；摧毁（deva
curious
['kju?ri?s]
想一想再看
adj. 好奇的，奇特的
联想记忆
X
单词curious 联想记忆：
cur关心+ious表形容词，“…的”→好奇的
surgery
['s?:dri]
想一想再看
n. 外科，外科手术，诊所
decorate
['dek?reit]
想一想再看
vt. 装饰，装修，授予某人奖章或其他奖状
I once stayed in a two-bedroom apartment occupied by 45 people for two days to experience the life of those living in illegal shared housing. The dirty toilet and laundry room, the wet floor, smelly air, dim lighting, general household mess and potential safety hazards are still quite fresh in my memory.
为了体验生活，我曾住过两天的非法合租房，一间两居室里挤满了45名住户。脏乱的厕所、潮湿的地板、浑浊的空气、昏暗的灯光、凌乱的摆设以及诸多安全隐患至今仍让我记忆犹新。
It was the worst living environment I had seen up to that point in my life. However, just recently, I visited the "home" of Quan Youzhi, a 66-year-old woman from Shangqiu, Henan province.
我一直以为这是我有生之年见过的最为脏乱差的生存环境。直到最近，来自河南商丘、66岁老人全友芝的“家”改变了我的看法。
Quan`s home is a hole in the ground - a utility compartment three meters below street level providing access to underground heating pipes. When I moved the metal cover on the compartment, all I could see were some dirty quilts on the ground. Full of curiosity, I couldn`t help entering without an invitation.
全友芝的“家”是一个洞穴，位于地下3米处的一个热力井通道工具间。打开井盖，我所能看到的只有地上满是尘土的被褥。压抑不住满心好奇，我决定“不请自来”。
I had to be quite careful in climbing down with a ladder, which was actually seven pieces of rebar fixed into the wall. Eventually, I reached the final step and dropped the last half-meter to the floor.
我小心翼翼地沿着由七根嵌在墙上的钢筋组成的梯子爬下井口。我好不容易才爬到梯子的最后一节，然后从半米高的地方跳到井底。
It was dark inside the compartment. The dim light from my cell phone was sufficient to illuminate the entire space, which was revealed to be no more than three square meters.
井下漆黑一片。整个空间面积还不到三平方米，仅凭手机发出的微弱光亮便可照亮整个房间。
On the ground was a thin mat and on top of that were some quilts with soil on them. Some rusty pipes made the small space even more cramped. Besides the bedding, I found only a few candles and two coats.
地上铺着一条薄毯子，上面有几床落满尘土的棉被。而几根生锈的管道则让这处狭小空间变得更加拥挤。除了被褥，我在井下只找到了几根蜡烛和两件大衣。
The living conditions in the hole were a lot worse than the illegal shared housing, which, though dirty and crowded, at least had all the necessary facilities for daily life.
比起非法合租房，井底的生活条件要糟糕得多。合租房虽然脏乱拥挤，但至少日常生活设施一应俱全。
People living in such a hole must have a miserable life. Together with several journalists from other media outlets, we waited outside the compartment. At around 9 pm, she came back.
蜗居井底的人一定有着悲惨的人生。我同其他几家媒体的记者们一起在井外守候着。晚上9点多的时候，主人全友芝回来了。
Quan told us she has been living in the place for 20 years. I guess she has never had so much attention.
全友芝告诉我们，她在这里住了20年的时间。我想她从未像现在这样引起人们的关注。
We journalists soon found ourselves sitting in her home, all ears to her miserable life story. She spent a great deal of time telling us of the help she had received from kind-hearted people, though she was frequently led away by questions about her sufferings.
很快，我们一行人便坐在了老人的“家”中，听她讲述着悲惨的人生经历。虽然经常被各种提问打断，但是大部分时间里，她讲述的并非生活的艰辛，而是从好心人那里收获的帮助。
She told us of her ongoing game with the chengguan, or urban management officers.
她跟我们叙说着与城管间的“猫鼠游戏”。
"They blocked off the hole by welding the cover shut. … I bought a saw and cut it free after they went away," she said, suddenly smiling like a naughty child.
“他们用电焊封住井盖…我就买了把锯子，他们一走，我便把井盖锯开。”说到这里，她突然笑得像个调皮的孩子。
Quan gets up between 4 am and 5 am and spends the whole day collecting plastic bottles, stopping work at 9 pm.
全友芝每天凌晨4、5点钟起床，一整天都在街上捡空瓶，直到晚上9点才回家休息。
"One hundred bottles can be sold for 8 yuan," she said, adding that she can usually make about 20 yuan a day.
“100个瓶子能卖8元钱，”全友芝说，她一般每天能挣20元钱。
Even when she was talking about her troubles, she kept smiling all the time.
即使是在述说生活的艰辛时，她也始终保持面带微笑。
She pointed to her belongings one after another, the objects of her daily life and the clothes she wore, telling us which kind-hearted person had provided each one.
她一件件地向我们展示着好心人接济的物品，其中有日用品，也有她身上的衣物。
Despite her sad situation, she still wants to repay one kind-hearted woman who paid her hospital bills when she was seriously ill.
尽管生活很艰难，但她还是打算把医疗费还给那位在她病重入院时解囊相助的好心女士。
"She paid 10,000 yuan for my medical fees," she said. "She`s not my daughter. I have to pay her back."
“她帮我垫付了一万元住院费，”她说，“非亲非故的，我应该把钱还给她”
However, while I was moved by the old woman`s thankful heart, I was also shocked by the unethical behavior of some of the journalists in our group.
在我被老人家的感恩之心深深打动的同时，却也被同行几位记者的不得体行为所震惊。
When Quan was on her way to the washing room in a nearby park, she suddenly bent over to pick something up. It was a plastic bottle. None of us noticed it. She quickly emptied it and put it into another underground compartment that she used as a storeroom. After collecting bottles for 20 years, she was obviously quite skilled at her job.
当去附近公园上洗手间的路上，全友芝突然弯腰捡起一个我们都没有注意到的塑料瓶。她迅速地将瓶中水倒出并把它放进另一个作为储存室的井口内。有了20年的经验，她已经很擅长捡废品这份工作了。
However, as she did this, a female journalist who was just next to her laughed and even turned to look at me.
而在她拾起废瓶时，她身边的一位女记者发出嘲笑的声音，甚至还转过来向我示意。
I didn`t know how to respond. I turned my eyes away from her, and thought to myself: "Can`t you have just a little bit of respect?"
我不知该作何反应，只好转移视线，我心中不禁在想：“你就不能表现出最起码的尊重吗？”
This is my last column for The Wall Street Journal, after 22 years of reviewing consumer technology products here.
为《华尔街日报》评测科技类消费品22年后，这是我的最后一篇专栏文章。
So I thought I'd talk about the dozen personal-technology products I reviewed that were most influential over the past two decades. Obviously, narrowing so many products in the most dynamic of modern industries down to 12 is a subjective exercise and others will disagree.
所以我想来谈谈过去20年我评测过的12个最具影响力的个人科技产品。很显然，从这个最富活力的现代产业所生产的五花八门的产品中挑选出12个，这是个很主观的看法，别人也许会有不同意见。
Though most were hits, a couple weren't blockbusters, financially, and one was an outright flop. Instead, I used as my criteria two main things.
虽然大多数产品都一窜而红，但有几个却叫好不叫座，有一个更是一败涂地。在这里，我来讲讲我的两个标准。
First, the products had to improve ease of use and add value for average consumers. That was the guiding principle I laid down in the first sentence of my first column, in 1991: 'Personal computers are just too hard to use, and it's not your fault.'
首先，产品要能提高易用性，能为普通消费者增添价值。这也正是我1991年第一篇专栏文章中头一句话所提出的指导原则：个人电脑太难用了，这不是你们的错。
Second, I chose these 12 because each changed the course of digital history by influencing the products and services that followed, or by changing the way people lived and worked. In some cases, the impact of these mass-market products is still unfolding. All of these products had predecessors, but they managed to take their categories to a new level.
其次，我之所以选择这12个产品，是因为所有这些产品都改变了数码历史的进程，它们要么影响了后来追随而至的产品和服务，要么改变了人们的生活和工作方式。在某些情况下，这些大众产品仍在释放影响力。所有这些产品都有“前辈”，但它们做到了将其所属类别提升至一个新高度。
Some readers will complain that Apple is overrepresented. My answer: Apple introduced more influential, breakthrough products for average consumers than any other company over the years of this column.
一些读者可能会抱怨说，苹果(Apple)产品出现的频率过高。对此我的解释是，在我撰写本专栏的这些年里，相比其他任何一家公司，苹果面向普通消费者推出了更多具有影响力和突破性的产品。
重点单词
查看全部解释
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
flop
[fl?p]
想一想再看
n. 砰然落下，失败 v. 笨重的摔，猛落，笨拙地抛下
impossible
[im'p?s?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可能的，做不到的
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词impossible 联想记忆：
im不，无，非+plssible可能的→不可能的
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
overstate
['?uv?'steit]
想一想再看
v. 夸大的叙述，夸张
entry
['entri]
想一想再看
n. 进入，入口，登记，条目
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
fault
[f?:lt]
想一想再看
n. 缺点，过失，故障，毛病，过错，[地]断层
<br /
重点单词
查看全部解释
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
flop
[fl?p]
想一想再看
n. 砰然落下，失败 v. 笨重的摔，猛落，笨拙地抛下
impossible
[im'p?s?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可能的，做不到的
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词impossible 联想记忆：
im不，无，非+plssible可能的→不可能的
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
overstate
['?uv?'steit]
想一想再看
v. 夸大的叙述，夸张
entry
['entri]
想一想再看
n. 进入，入口，登记，条目
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
fault
[f?:lt]
想一想再看
n. 缺点，过失，故障，毛病，过错，[地]断层
<br /
重点单词
查看全部解释
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
flop
[fl?p]
想一想再看
n. 砰然落下，失败 v. 笨重的摔，猛落，笨拙地抛下
impossible
[im'p?s?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可能的，做不到的
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词impossible 联想记忆：
im不，无，非+plssible可能的→不可能的
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
overstate
['?uv?'steit]
想一想再看
v. 夸大的叙述，夸张
entry
['entri]
想一想再看
n. 进入，入口，登记，条目
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
fault
[f?:lt]
想一想再看
n. 缺点，过失，故障，毛病，过错，[地]断层
<br /
重点单词
查看全部解释
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
flop
[fl?p]
想一想再看
n. 砰然落下，失败 v. 笨重的摔，猛落，笨拙地抛下
impossible
[im'p?s?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可能的，做不到的
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词impossible 联想记忆：
im不，无，非+plssible可能的→不可能的
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
overstate
['?uv?'steit]
想一想再看
v. 夸大的叙述，夸张
entry
['entri]
想一想再看
n. 进入，入口，登记，条目
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
fault
[f?:lt]
想一想再看
n. 缺点，过失，故障，毛病，过错，[地]断层
<br /
重点单词
查看全部解释
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
flop
[fl?p]
想一想再看
n. 砰然落下，失败 v. 笨重的摔，猛落，笨拙地抛下
impossible
[im'p?s?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可能的，做不到的
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词impossible 联想记忆：
im不，无，非+plssible可能的→不可能的
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
overstate
['?uv?'steit]
想一想再看
v. 夸大的叙述，夸张
entry
['entri]
想一想再看
n. 进入，入口，登记，条目
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
fault
[f?:lt]
想一想再看
n. 缺点，过失，故障，毛病，过错，[地]断层
<br /
重点单词
查看全部解释
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
flop
[fl?p]
想一想再看
n. 砰然落下，失败 v. 笨重的摔，猛落，笨拙地抛下
impossible
[im'p?s?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可能的，做不到的
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词impossible 联想记忆：
im不，无，非+plssible可能的→不可能的
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
overstate
['?uv?'steit]
想一想再看
v. 夸大的叙述，夸张
entry
['entri]
想一想再看
n. 进入，入口，登记，条目
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
fault
[f?:lt]
想一想再看
n. 缺点，过失，故障，毛病，过错，[地]断层
<br /
重点单词
查看全部解释
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
flop
[fl?p]
想一想再看
n. 砰然落下，失败 v. 笨重的摔，猛落，笨拙地抛下
impossible
[im'p?s?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可能的，做不到的
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词impossible 联想记忆：
im不，无，非+plssible可能的→不可能的
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
overstate
['?uv?'steit]
想一想再看
v. 夸大的叙述，夸张
entry
['entri]
想一想再看
n. 进入，入口，登记，条目
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
fault
[f?:lt]
想一想再看
n. 缺点，过失，故障，毛病，过错，[地]断层
<br /
重点单词
查看全部解释
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
flop
[fl?p]
想一想再看
n. 砰然落下，失败 v. 笨重的摔，猛落，笨拙地抛下
impossible
[im'p?s?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可能的，做不到的
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词impossible 联想记忆：
im不，无，非+plssible可能的→不可能的
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
overstate
['?uv?'steit]
想一想再看
v. 夸大的叙述，夸张
entry
['entri]
想一想再看
n. 进入，入口，登记，条目
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
fault
[f?:lt]
想一想再看
n. 缺点，过失，故障，毛病，过错，[地]断层
<br /
重点单词
查看全部解释
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
flop
[fl?p]
想一想再看
n. 砰然落下，失败 v. 笨重的摔，猛落，笨拙地抛下
impossible
[im'p?s?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可能的，做不到的
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词impossible 联想记忆：
im不，无，非+plssible可能的→不可能的
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
overstate
['?uv?'steit]
想一想再看
v. 夸大的叙述，夸张
entry
['entri]
想一想再看
n. 进入，入口，登记，条目
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
fault
[f?:lt]
想一想再看
n. 缺点，过失，故障，毛病，过错，[地]断层
<br /
重点单词
查看全部解释
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
flop
[fl?p]
想一想再看
n. 砰然落下，失败 v. 笨重的摔，猛落，笨拙地抛下
impossible
[im'p?s?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可能的，做不到的
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词impossible 联想记忆：
im不，无，非+plssible可能的→不可能的
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
overstate
['?uv?'steit]
想一想再看
v. 夸大的叙述，夸张
entry
['entri]
想一想再看
n. 进入，入口，登记，条目
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
fault
[f?:lt]
想一想再看
n. 缺点，过失，故障，毛病，过错，[地]断层
<br /
重点单词
查看全部解释
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
flop
[fl?p]
想一想再看
n. 砰然落下，失败 v. 笨重的摔，猛落，笨拙地抛下
impossible
[im'p?s?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可能的，做不到的
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词impossible 联想记忆：
im不，无，非+plssible可能的→不可能的
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
overstate
['?uv?'steit]
想一想再看
v. 夸大的叙述，夸张
entry
['entri]
想一想再看
n. 进入，入口，登记，条目
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
fault
[f?:lt]
想一想再看
n. 缺点，过失，故障，毛病，过错，[地]断层
<br /
重点单词
查看全部解释
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
flop
[fl?p]
想一想再看
n. 砰然落下，失败 v. 笨重的摔，猛落，笨拙地抛下
impossible
[im'p?s?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可能的，做不到的
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词impossible 联想记忆：
im不，无，非+plssible可能的→不可能的
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
influential
[.influ'enl]
想一想再看
adj. 有权势的，有影响的
n. 有影响力的
artificial
[.ɑ:ti'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 人造的，虚伪的，武断的
联想记忆
X
单词artificial 联想记忆：
art艺术家，ficial读：踢飞手。艺术家踢飞手。艺术家不光胡子是假的。有一次，我亲眼看见一个舞蹈艺术家表演的时候，没小心，把自己的手给踢飞了，开始表演棒操！不知道艺术家们还有那里是人造的，假的。
overstate
['?uv?'steit]
想一想再看
v. 夸大的叙述，夸张
entry
['entri]
想一想再看
n. 进入，入口，登记，条目
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
fault
[f?:lt]
想一想再看
n. 缺点，过失，故障，毛病，过错，[地]断层
<br /
Let’s face it we all want more time in our life to get more done, be more, do more and have more.The thing is, we are all given the same 24 hours in a day as everyone else.So why is it then that some people are just so much more efficient at squeezing more out of every moment of every day? Well they have a few secrets up their sleeve that you should know about.
面对现实吧。人人都希望能有更多的时间，做更多的事，什么都要多多益善才好。事实是，每个人都只有24小时，那为什么有的人就可以把一天里的每一分钟都挤出来去做更高效的事情呢？那是因为他们都藏着一些提高效率的小诀窍，你也来学习一下吧。
1. Get up an hour earlier.
1.早起一小时。
2. Use Sunday evening for planning the week.
2.在周日晚上为下一周定好计划。
3. Say no. (the power of constraints). Ignore. Focus only on the thing you’re looking to achieve.
3.学会说不（人的能力是有限的）。学会忽略。只把注意力关注在你想要完成的事情上。
4. Turn off your emails on your phone.
4.把手机上的邮件提示功能关了。
5. Don’t say should, say “I will”. Think like Yoda “There is no try, there is only do or do not.”
5.不要说“应该做”，而要说“我要做”。想想尤达大师的名言“世上没有尝试一说，只有做或不做。
6. Don’t answer the phone. Literally. If it’s important they’ll leave a message.
6.不要接电话。如果真的有很紧急的事情的话，对方会给你发短信的。
7. Plan your day according to the most important, biggest task, not the smallest and easiest.
7.根据你最重要、最宏大的任务来安排你一天的计划，而不是那些最容易完成的小事情。
8. Avoid meetings at all cost. If you have to go, have one specific outcome in mind.
8.不惜一切代价避免开会。如果一定要开的话，那也必须要得出一些切实的结果才行。
9. Know what the next step is at the end of every conversation.
9.在每次谈话结束的最后，都要清楚下一步要做什么。
10. Turn off the internet. If you’re writing or creating go to a coffee shop that has no internet.
10.不要上网。如果你正在撰写文件或创作方案，那就到不能上网的咖啡馆里去完成。
11. Set a timer to go off at 30 minute intervals to focus on one activity and take a short 1 minute break to refocus.
11.把定时器设置在每30分钟休息一次，花一分钟放松一下，以便更好地专注于接下去要做的事。
12. Take a proper break after 2 hours for 10-20 minutes and dance to your fave song, do some pushups, get out in the fresh air.
12.每两个小时休息10-20分钟，跟着你喜欢的歌曲扭两下，做做俯卧撑，到室外去呼吸一下新鲜空气。
13. Ask yourself “is what I’m doing right now getting me closer to what I want to achieve.
13.扪心自问“我现在正在做的事情是不是能让我更接近自己的目标”。
14. Know what you’re looking to achieve – what does finished look like?
14.了解你一直想要实现的目标。目标实现后会是什么样子？
15. Play motivating upbeat music while working to keep your energy levels high.
15.在工作的时候，放一些能鼓舞情绪的音乐，让你能始终保持情绪高涨。
16. Keep an idea book to dump your distractions in, and come back to them a week later.
16.准备一本本子，把让你分心的事情都记录下来，每周回顾一次。
17. Keep a journal of WHAT you have achieved.
17.把你完成的任务都写下来。
18. Work out what is important and what isn’t.
18.分清事情的轻重缓急。
19. Stop procrastinating and just DO it!
19.终结拖延症。赶紧去做！
20. Throw out the TV – literally bury it in your back garden.
20.把电视机扔出去，说真的，把电视机埋在你家的后院里。
The number of people quitting their jobs has been climbing steadily since June 2009, the Bureau of Labor Statistics says, to 2.1 million in March (the latest month available). And where are all those people going, exactly? As you might expect, most quit for greener pastures at other companies. But then there are a few whose reasons for jumping ship are more, shall we say, unconventional. Staffing firm OfficeTeam recently surveyed 1,300 senior managers nationwide in a variety of industries. Here are some of the things they said about why workers were flying the coop:
美国劳工统计局（Bureau of Labor Statistics）的数据显示，2009年6月以来美国辞职人数稳步攀升，3月份（最近一个有公布数据的月份）为210万人。这些人辞职究竟去了哪里？和你想的一样，大多数人都在其他公司找到了更好的工作。但还有一些辞职理由就不那么传统了，或许我们可以这样说。劳务派遣公司OfficeTeam最近调查了全美诸多行业的1,300名高管。下面是他们给出的一些员工辞职理由：
? "Someone left because her boss lost the dog she had given him."
? “有人辞职是因为老板弄丢了她送的狗狗。”
? "Our employee said he was joining the circus."
? “我们有位员工表示，打算加入一个马戏团。”
? "A staff member left to climb Mount Everest."
? “一位员工辞职去登珠峰。”
? "There was an individual who left to play the trombone."
? “有人辞职去吹长号。”
? "An employee wanted to enter a beauty contest."
? “一个员工想参加选美比赛。”
? "One worker left to become an apple farmer."
? “一位员工辞职去种苹果。”
A few employees` stated reasons were reminiscent of Oscar Wilde`s alleged last words, "Either this wallpaper goes, or I do."
有些员工给出的理由不禁让人想起传说中奥斯卡?王尔德的临终遗言“墙纸或我，总有一个要去了。”
? "One person quit because he hated the carpet."
? “有人辞职是因为讨厌办公室的地毯。”
? "A worker did not like the color of the walls."
? “一位员工不喜欢墙壁的颜色。”
? "She left because she hated the lighting in the building."
? “她离开是因为她不喜欢大楼里的灯。”
? "He quit because he didn`t like the way the office smelled."
? “他辞职是因为他不喜欢办公室里的气味。”
? "An individual did not like the sound of cabinets being slammed."
? “有人不喜欢柜门相碰的声音。”
Strangely, once in a while, someone quits when just taking a vacation day probably would have sufficed:
更怪的是，有些人辞职要做的事情可能只要休假一天就足矣：
? "One person quit to watch a soccer tournament."
? “一个人辞职去看足球联赛。”
? "An employee left because he wanted to watch a movie with his girlfriend during work hours."
? “一个员工辞职，是因为他想在工作时间和女友看一场电影。”
? "We had someone quit so he could stay home and feed his dog."
? “我们公司有人辞职，是为了能呆在家里喂他的狗。”
And then there are the folks who just aren`t all that crazy about work, period:
此外，还有一些人对工作没有那么痴狂：
? "One person left because she didn`t want to work so hard."
? “有人离开，是因为不想干得太累。”
? "The worker told us he just couldn`t get up in the morning."
? “这位员工告诉我们，他早上就是起不来。”
? "An employee said work was getting in the way of having fun."
? “一个员工说，工作妨碍了人生行乐。”
? "A staffer quit because informal dress was not allowed."
? “一位员工辞职，是因为办公室要求穿正装。”
? "A guy told us he was making too much money and didn`t feel he was worth it."
? “有个人告诉我，他挣的太多了，觉得自己不值这个价。”
? "Someone left because she was going to live off her trust fund." Nice work if you can get it.
? “有人离开，是因为她打算靠信托基金过活。”如果你能做到，这也不错。
Beijing topped a salary ranking of 20 provinces and municipalities in China's non-private sector last year, with an average annual pay of 111,390 yuan ($16,953), the People's Daily Overseas Edition reported.
根据《人民日报海外版》报道，在我国20个省市非私营单位2015年工资排名中，北京年平均工资最高，为111390元。
Zhejiang followed with 66,668 yuan, but that was still 44,722 yuan less than Beijing's level. Guangdong came third, while Henan registered the lowest, just 45,403 yuan.
紧随其后的就是浙江省，为66668元。广东省排名第3，为65788元；而河南省垫底，仅为45403元。
Earlier, the National Statistics Bureau (NBS) said the average annual salary for non-private sector employees in China's urban areas reached 62,029 yuan and for private sector employees, 39,589 yuan.
此前，国家统计局表示，2015年全国城镇非私营单位就业人员年平均工资达62029元，私营单位就业人员年平均工资达39589元。
Compared to the NBS data, most of the 20 places failed to live up to the national average. Only Beijing, Zhejiang and Guangdong topped the national average pay in the non-private sector, while in the private sector in urban areas, those three and Chongqing exceeded the national average.
与国家统计局数据相比，20个省市中，大多数省市均低于全国平均水平。只有北京、浙江、广东的非私营单位年平均工资高于全国平均水平；城镇私营单位年平均工资方面，北京、浙江、广东、重庆超过全国平均水平。
Hebei, Hunan and Guangdong saw non-private sector employees' annual salaries rise at a faster pace than the national average.
河北、湖南和广东非私营企业的员工年收入增长速度比全国平均水平要快。
In all 20 places, the annual average salary in the non-private sector was higher than that of the private sector.
在所有的20个省市中，非私营单位年均工资均高于私营单位。
Official statistics showed that in the private sector, employees in Jilin received the lowest annual pay, 27,774 yuan, while those in Beijing got the highest pay, 58,689 yuan, followed by Guangdong, 44,838 yuan.
官方数据显示，私营单位就业人员年薪最低的为吉林27774元。最高的为北京58689元，广东位居其后，为44838元。
According to the paper, Su Hainan, the vice president of the China Association for Labor Studies, attributed the pay gap between non-private and private sectors to non-private entities' stronger capabilities and better operation, as well as a reform of pension insurance that resulted in a salary increase for employees in the non-private sector last year.
根据这篇报道，中国劳动关系研究会副会长苏海南将非私营单位与私营企业单位工资差距归结于非私营单位具有更强的实力和更好的经营，此外，去年养老保险的改革，也导致了非私营单位雇员的工资增加。
BJ leads annual wage list
北京平均工资领跑全国
As of Monday, at least 20 provincial-level regions in China had published their average salary in 2014, with Beijing taking the lead.
截至15日，全国至少已有20个省份公布了2014年平均工资，其中北京年平均工资最高。
Data released by the Beijing Statistics Bureau showed that the average yearly income of non-private sector employees in the capital was RMB102,268 last year, making Beijing the only region with an average annual payroll beyond the RMB100,000 mark.
北京市统计局公布的数据显示，2014年北京市城镇非私营单位就业人员年平均工资为102268元，是目前全国唯一突破10万元大关的地区。
Beijing is followed by Zhejiang (RMB61,572) and Guangdong (RMB59,481).
浙江和广东省分列二、三位，去年平均工资分别为61572元和59481元。
Only four out of the 20 provincial-level regions reported an average annual salary higher than the national average.
纵览20个省份的平均工资，仅有4个省份超过全国平均水平。
What are China's most popular online slang terms as we approach the end of the decade? One popular choice could be "Life is a cup, it's up to you to decide whether it's a drinking cup or a toothbrush cup."
在即将挥别过去十年之际，试问中国最流行的网络语录是哪一句？相信很多人都会提到“人生就是一个杯子，而它是‘杯具’还是‘洗具’，全由你自己选择。”
Drinking cup (beiju) is a homophone for "tragedy" in Chinese, while toothbrush cup (xiju) is homophone for "comedy". There's a whole range of beiju vs xiju debates running across the post-80s and post-90s' online talk. In the background, however, lurks something that's far less funny.
“杯具”是中文中“悲剧”一词的谐音，而与“喜剧”相对应的则是“洗具”。80后及90后的聊天记录中也出现了各式各样的关于“杯具，洗具”的讨论。但在走红背后，却蕴含着严肃的思考。
While the remarkable development in China over the past 10 years has brought a range of opportunities, young people are struggling with pressures that came with them.
过去十年期间，中国发展显著，也衍生出众多的机遇。但随之而来，年轻人们却要顶着压力，苦苦奋斗。
Some of their first observations on life are influenced by changes in education.
当他们第一次审视人生时，想必多数人会觉察到教育变革所带来的影响。
Compared with the beginning of the decade, getting into a university now is much easier. The number of college students went from about 5 million in 2000 to over 27 million in 2009.
与十年之初相比，现在上大学要容易得多。截止2009年，各大专院校在校学生人数由2000年的约500万人增长到2700多万人。
What they do after graduating is another story. The employment rate of college grads has fallen from 80 percent in 2002 to 74 percent in 2009 (Ministry of Education stats) in the same period. The increased enrolment policy that took effect in 1999 opened the path of dreams for many, but the bridge to employment led to a narrower path for more.
但他们在毕业后的遭遇则是另一番景象。教育部统计数据显示，同期内各高校毕业生就业率由2002年的80%跌至2009年的74%。虽然1999实施的高校扩招政策为许多人铺设了通向理想的坦途，但就业之路却成了千军万马要过的独木桥。
Individual incomes are growing--that's the xiju; but our houses are getting smaller--that's the beiju.
个人收入增加了——这是“洗具”；但我们的房子却变小了——这是“杯具”。
At the beginning of the decade, we told our parents, "Don't worry about my scores, I'll be good and make a fortune and buy you a big villa!". Now, at the end, it's, "Sorry, Mom and Dad, I can't even get a bathroom without some help."
21世纪初，我们告诉父母，“不要操心我的学习，我会取得好成绩，努力赚大钱，以后给你们买大大别墅！” 现在，我们即将挥别十年，我们对父母说的话也变成了，“对不起，爸妈，如果没人帮忙，我甚至连一个卫生间都买不起。”
The average monthly income of Beijing college grads in 2008, according to MyCOS, has 2,700 yuan, or about double what it was 10 years ago. A square meter of Beijing housing now costs 13,100 yuan on average, or about triple the cost a decade ago. It's like trying to ride a motorbike to catch a Ferrari.
根据MyCOS 的调查显示，2008北京高校毕业生的平均月收入达到2700元，差不多是10年前的两倍。同时，北京住房每平米均价达到13100元，差不多是10年的三倍。这就好比你骑着一辆自行车去追赶一辆法拉利。
To get a break from the overcrowded job market and the shoe-box housing, we look to the Internet and the much bigger virtual world. That means a world of movies and games just lying there, out in front of us. So, a beiju becomes a xiju.
为了避开人山人海的就业市场以及小得可怜的居住环境，我们将目光投向了网络——一个更广阔的虚幻世界。那也就意味着一个充满电影与游戏的世界就在那，在我们面前。所以，“杯具”又变成了“洗具”。
The economic and social development have given people greater variety in education, work, travel, entertainment and information, but the more opportunities people have access to, the fiercer the competition. When some young people look at that, they also see it as catalyst for social improvement.
在教育、工作、旅行，娱乐以及信息方面，经济与社会的发展使它们变得更加多元化，但同时人们得到的机会越多，竞争也就变得越激烈。当一些年轻人目睹这一现状时，他们也理所当然地将其视为社会改良的催化剂。
For example, Xu Yue, 20, is majoring in Cambodian at Beijing Foreign Studies University. She's also studying English as a second major and taking Japanese courses in her spare time.
比如20岁的徐乐，正就读于北京外国语大学柬埔寨语专业。同时，她还辅修二外英语并利用业余时间学习日语课程。
Ten years ago, she notes, people might have felt relieved to get admitted to college, and they went on to settle down with a job in their hometown. Now, however, we're pressed to learn more.
她提笔写道：10年前，人们也许会轻而易举地考入大学，接下来他们将会接受分配，在自己的家乡工作。但现在，迫于压力，我们必须要学习更多的知识。
"Without the competition, maybe we'd be satisfied with the status quo, and willing to be ordinary," says Xu.
“没有竞争，或许我们更愿意安于现状，心甘情愿地做一个普通人，”徐乐说。
So, is life a beiju or xiju? In some cases, it appears to be a matter of choice in how you view it and how you deal with the pressure.
所以，人生究竟是“杯具”还是“洗具”？有时，这似乎要取决于你怎样看待它以及如何处理压力。
In any case, there's more progress in store for the next decade. Do we just sit there, sighing and complaining about it? Or, do we make full use of the richer resources and advanced technology to enjoy a more colorful life? It's still up to you.
无论如何，在接下来的十年里，更多的进步即将发生。难道我们只是坐在那儿，抱怨并叹息？或者，我们也可以充分利用更丰富的资源和更先进的科技，来享受一个更多彩的人生？一切都将取决于你自己。
201001/93719.shtmlChinese police have detained eight people, including journalists from one of China’s top business dailies, for allegedly blackmailing and extorting large sums of money from businesses.
中国警方拘留了包括国内顶尖财经日报之一的记者在内的8人，他们涉嫌敲诈企业，向企业勒索巨款。
The chief editor and deputy editor of the 21st Century Business Herald website have been detained along with several other staff members, according to state media reports based on statements from Shanghai police.
官方媒体根据上海警方的声明报道称，与《21世纪经济报道》同属21世纪报系的21世纪网的主编、副主编以及其他几个员工已被拘留。
Some of the people, who were not all identified, were from two public relations companies that allegedly worked with the paper’s website to extort large payments from companies to publish positive news or suppress negative news.
被拘留的人大多未被点名，其中一些人来自两家公关公司，他们涉嫌与21世纪网勾结，向企业敲诈巨款，作为发表正面报道或压下负面报道的交换条件。
The case is one of the biggest to target the media sector since the ruling Communist party launched a sweeping anti-corruption campaign in late 2012.
此案是自执政的共产党在2012年末发起全面的反腐败斗争以来，瞄准媒体行业的最大案子之一。
Several senior executives and high-profile anchors from China Central Television, the state broadcaster, have also been detained for alleged corruption in recent months.
最近几个月，官方的中央电视台的几名高管和知名主播也因涉嫌腐败被拘留。
Media organisations are rife with corruption in China, where journalists are paid a pittance and the practice of taking bribes, known as hong bao (literally “red envelopes” full of cash), is often built into their compensation structure.
中国的媒体机构充斥腐败行为，新闻从业人员薪酬微薄，收受被称为红包（装满现金的红纸信封）的贿赂往往是他们的薪酬结构的一部分。
Extremely tight control over traditional media and the internet by the Chinese government and the powerful propaganda department often leaves idealistic journalists disillusioned.
中国政府和权势极大的宣传部门对传统媒体和互联网极其严格的控制，往往让理想主义的记者幻想破灭。
In this year’s World Press Freedom Index, compiled by Reporters Without Borders, China ranked 175th out of 180 countries.
根据记者无疆界组织(Reporters Without Borders)编制的今年世界新闻自由指数(World Press Freedom Index)，中国在180个国家中排在第175位。
“Media power is monopolised [by the state] in China,” said Mo Zhixu, a prominent political commentator.
“在中国，媒体力量是（被国家）垄断的，”知名政治评论员莫之许表示。
“If we had free media, then companies would not be so vulnerable to this sort of extortion.”
“如果我们有自由的媒体，企业就不会那么容易受到这种敲诈。”
According to one person who worked several years ago as an intern at the 21st Century Business Herald’s website, certain editors there openly discussed plans to extort money from companies in exchange for suppressing negative reports.
几年前曾作为实习生在21世纪网工作的一名人士透露，那里的某些编辑人员公开讨论向企业勒索、作为交换为其压制负面报道的计划。
“At one of the meetings I attended they were trying to get some funding for the website and some editors came up with an idea to do some negative stories about foreign investment banks,” said the person, who asked not to be identified.
“在我参加的某一次会议上，他们试图为网站搞到一些资金，一些编辑想出的主意是，做一些有关外国投行的负面报道，”这位不愿具名的人士表示。
“There was general agreement that this was a good idea because the website could then offer to kill the stories if the banks bought lots of advertisements.”
“当时大家都认为这是一个好主意，因为网站随后可以提出，如果相关银行购买大量广告，就会封杀这些报道。”
The person did not identify the journalists involved or the targeted banks and did not know whether they paid to have the stories stopped.
这名人士并未点名指认参与的新闻从业人员，或者指认哪些银行被当作靶子，也不知道这些银行后来是否付款压下报道。
In a previous internship at another paper, the person said they would often be sent to public relations events for the sole purpose of picking up the hong bao cash payments on behalf of full-time reporters.
该名人士称，此前在另一家报纸实习期间，实习生经常被派去参加公关活动，唯一任务是代表正式记者领取红包。
In the case of the 21st Century Business Herald’s website, police began investigating late last year after receiving several complaints.
就21世纪网而言，警方是在去年末接到多起投诉后开始调查的。
Yesterday, the newspaper declined to respond to inquiries from the Financial Times but issued a statement confirming that several staff from its website had been taken away by police on Wednesday evening and that it would “actively co-operate” with the investigation.
昨日，该媒体机构拒绝回应英国《金融时报》的询问，但发表一份声明，证实网站的几名工作人员周三晚上被警方带走，并称其会积极配合调查。
A young Yazidi woman pleaded on Wednesday (December 16) for the United Nations Security Council to wipe out Islamic State after describing the torture and rape she suffered at the hands of the militants, who abducted her as "war booty" and held her for three months.
上周三（12月16日），一名伊拉克雅兹迪族少女现身联合国安理会作证，痛述"伊斯兰国"将其掳作性奴，遭大批武装分子轮奸折磨长达三月之久，她含泪恳请国际社会将IS彻底铲除。
Nadia Murad Basee Taha was only 20 years old when she was abducted by the IS and a year later, she has been left wounded but bravely pleading for an answer that will stop such atrocities happening to others.
这位名叫纳迪亚的少女，被IS掳走时年仅20岁，一年后，虽然伤痕累累，但她勇敢现身联合国安理会作证，恳请国际社会能采取措施铲除这一非人道组织，阻止他们的暴行。
Last August, the young girl's life changed for the worse when she was abducted in August last year from her village in Iraq and taken by bus to a building in the Islamic State stronghold of Mosul, where thousands of Yazidi women and children were exchanged by militants as gifts.
去年八月，纳迪亚在家乡被掳走，便开始经受IS的暴虐罪行，她被大巴带到IS重镇摩苏尔的一幢建筑物内，里面有数千名雅兹迪妇女和儿童，都是被武装分子当作礼物来随意交换。
Taha, said several of her brothers were killed by Islamic State militants, but eventually escaped and is now living Germany. The United Nations has said that Islamic State may have committed genocide in trying to wipe out the Yazidi minority and has urged the U.N. Security Council to refer the issue to the International Criminal Court for prosecution.
纳迪亚目前已成功逃离IS魔爪，现在定居在德国，而她的几个兄弟已经被IS残忍杀害。联合国表示，IS正对雅兹迪族实行种族灭绝，并催促安理会将之转到国际刑事法庭审理。
In her speech Nadia Murad Basee Taha stated that "We, the women and children were brought by bus to another region. Along the way, they humiliated us. They touched us and violated us. They took us to Mosul with more than 150 other Yazidi families. In a building, there were thousands of Yazidi families and children who were exchanged as gifts. One of these people came up to me. He wanted to take me. I looked down at the floor. I was absolutely petrified. When I looked up, I saw a huge man. He looked like a monster.
在证词中，纳迪亚说道，"在前往另一处的大巴上，有很多妇女和儿童，在路上他们就侵犯我们。我们和另外150户雅兹迪家庭一起被带到摩苏尔，在那里有数千名雅兹迪妇女儿童，被武装分子当作礼物交换。其中一名武装分子上来把我带走，当时我已经被吓呆了，一直低头看地上，当我抬起头，看到一个大个头男的，他看起来就像一头怪物。"
Struggling to relive the experience she recalled the situation of the women around her, noting that "A few days later, he forced me to get dressed and put makeup on and then that terrible night, he did it. He humiliated me every day. He forced me to wear clothes that didn't cover my body. I was tortured. I tried to flee but one of the guards stopped me. That night, he beat me. He asked me to take my clothes off. He put me in a room with the guards, then they proceeded to commit their crime until I fainted. "
纳迪亚挣扎着回忆那段经历，回忆周围妇女的境况，说道，"几天后，他强迫我换好衣服化妆，就在那个可怕的晚上，他强暴了我。以后他每晚都凌辱折磨我，他逼我穿暴露的衣服。我曾尝试逃离魔掌，可都被守卫拦回来，有一晚我又被殴打，他让我脱了衣服，把我推进全是守卫的房间，这些人轮流强奸我，直到我昏过去。"
She finally expressed bravely ending her story "Three months after my abduction, I was finally able to escape. I'm currently living in Germany."
最后纳迪亚勇敢地结束了她的证词，"三个月后我终于逃了出来，现在我住在德国。"
Islamic State militants consider the Yazidis to be devil-worshipers. The Yazidi faith has elements of Christianity, Zoroastrianism and Islam. Most of the Yazidi population, numbering around half a million, remains displaced in camps inside the autonomous entity in Iraq's north known as Kurdistan.
在IS眼中，雅兹迪是一个崇拜恶魔的民族，因为雅兹迪的信仰中有基督教、袄教和伊斯兰教的元素。有将近50万左右的雅兹迪人流离失所，在伊拉克北部自治地区库尔德斯坦搭帐篷生活。
She might have millions in the bank and a bright future ahead of her - but fashionista Emma Watson missed the sartorial mark when she sent a birthday video message to her fans today to celebrate her 21st. The Harry Potter star looked somewhat frumpy and dowdy with a rather bouffanty version of her short crop that looked a bit too middle-aged for her elfin features. Her overall look wasn't helped by a rather nondescript black v-necked top and necklace in the arty-looking black and white clip.
刚刚在自己的微薄上“泄露天机”的艾玛在如愿以偿当上2011年兰蔻全球代言人后，电影《哈利波特》的女主角赫敏以百万身家一跃成为全球最年轻、最会赚钱的女星之一。在暂时告别了自己所在的布朗大学，辍学并积极投入自己所喜爱的演绎事业后，赫敏用一则视频来答谢粉丝庆祝自己的21岁生日。然而，在这一个黑白生日答谢视频中，以一张“懒散”“拖沓颓废”的面孔出现，着实像一名中年妇女，让喜爱她的粉丝大跌眼镜，惊呼：“赫敏过于成熟了，尽管身穿低胸V字领，搭配项链也不能让她符合她原有的年龄，展现21岁女生应该有的美丽。”
She said: 'Just a quick message to say thank you for all the Birthday wishes and gifts you’ve sent. I’m continually overwhelmed by the support from you all. It means so much to me, so thank you very much.'Turning 21 is a significant occasion for everyone, and it’s proved to be quite a milestone...this year I plan to continue pursuing my love of fashion, working as an ambassadress for Lanc?me.' Fashionista: Emma also confirmed her role today as an 'ambassadress' for French beauty brand Lancome. In her video meanwhile, Emma revealed she had also been hard at work learning an American accent for her forthcoming new movie Perks Of Being A Wallflower. She gushed: 'You guys are absolutely amazing. So yeah, it's turning out to be quite a big year in a way and I just want to say so much for all of your continuing support.
赫敏在视频中说道：“在21岁到来的时候，我想用一个生日答谢视频来谢谢喜爱我的粉丝们，我收到你们的祝福以及生日礼物，很是感动。一直以来，你们一直义无反顾地支持我，你们的关心和支持对我来说十分重要，真的很谢谢你们！21岁对于每一个人来说都是重要的，而对于我来说也是一样，是具有里程碑意义的一年。我打算在21岁到来的时候，全身心投入我的挚爱----时尚。担任兰蔻的形象大使。”此外，赫敏还在视频中透露她自己正在很努力地学习“美式口音”英语，在即将开拍的电影《 壁花少年》中有良好的、新的、不同于《哈利波特》的表现。
'You've been absolutely amazing and a real comfort and I'm very grateful to you all. Yeah, I'm 21! Crazy, crazy! Thank you so much!' In a press announcement released yesterday, French beauty house Lancome said: 'Thanks to her charm, romanticism and her incredible modernity, Emma Watson has become the icon of her generation. 'We are delighted by this new collaboration.' Emma follows in the footsteps of other renowned actresses, such as Julia Roberts, Penelope Cruz, Kate Winslet and Anne Hathaway, who have also starred in campaigns for the brand.
法国兰蔻官方代表回应到：“感谢艾玛·沃森小姐对于我们品牌的大力支持，她的吸引力、美丽以及浪漫的感觉符合我们品牌的现代风格。艾玛小姐是能够代表她的年代、具有时代性特征的女性。我们非常荣幸能与其合作。”据悉，艾玛并不是代言兰蔻的第一人，在她之前代言兰蔻的女星各个都“令人咂舌”，有茱莉亚·罗伯茨（诺丁山女演员）、凯特·温斯莱特（泰坦尼克号）、佩内洛普·克鲁兹（西班牙女影星）以及最近演绎事业如日升天的安妮·海瑟薇Anne Hathaway等等。
201104/132758.shtmlTwenty-one years ago last month, “Friends” made its debut on NBC, to almost instant acclaim and popularity, beginning a 10-year run that ushered into the culture various styles and mannerisms — Jennifer Aniston’s haircut, most notably — in a way that now rarely occurs, because the television landscape has become drastically more diffuse.
21年前的上个月，《老友记》(Friends)在全国广播公司(NBC)开播，几乎立刻就赢得赞誉，成为热门剧目，一连播出十季，为文化注入了各种时尚和习性，最有名的就是詹妮弗·安妮斯顿(Jennifer Aniston)的发型。如今，这样的情况比较罕见了，因为几乎没有哪部电视剧能独领风骚。
On “Friends,” characters emphasized their adjectives (with “very” and “really” and “so”) to such an extent that the habit prompted a study by linguists at the University of Toronto. In 2005, they published a paper asserting that the word “so” was the intensifier used 45 percent of the time on the show. In British English, researchers had found, it was used only a quarter as often. “So” was on the rise in the American vernacular, and the series was, theoretically, the cause.
《老友记》中的人物喜欢（用very、really和so）加强语气，多伦多大学(University of Toronto)的语言学家们甚至对这个习惯进行了研究。2005年，他们发表了一篇论文，称该剧中用so加强语气的比例高达45%。研究者们还发现，在英式英语中，so的使用频率只有该剧的四分之一。从理论上讲，so在美式英语中使用频率的上升是这部美剧引起的。
If you are 32 or 50, there is a good chance that you are not currently occupying the world of “Friends,” which outlines a ’90s Manhattan circumscribed by a coffeehouse and a West Village apartment that, true to the period, conjures a Pottery Barn designer’s vacation in the lower-tier flea markets of Tuscany. If you are somewhere between 13 and 20, however, and particularly if you live in New York, you may find yourself very much in the “Friends” zone. This is not because you landed on an episode, after coming home semi-wasted, on late-night television, where it is almost always on in syndication, but because you watch it methodically, on Netflix, in sequence, through its more than 230 shows.
如果你现在32岁或50岁，你很可能不处在《老友记》的世界里。它描绘的是90年代的曼哈顿，主要讲述发生在一个咖啡馆和西村一个公寓里的故事；那个公寓给人的感觉是波特里巴恩家具连锁店(Pottery Barn)的设计师度假去了托斯卡纳那些廉价的跳蚤市场，不过倒是符合那个时代。不过，如果你在13岁至20岁之间，尤其是如果你住在纽约，你可能会发现自己就生活在《老友记》的世界里。这不是因为你累得半死回到家，碰巧看到晚间剧场在播其中一集（不管什么时候总有一个台在播），而是在Netflix上按顺序看完了那230多集。
On Facebook, more than 19 million people like “Friends,” nearly four times as many as like “Seinfeld.” (So forgotten is “Mad About You,” another Manhattan-based totem of ’90s situation comedy, that when you enter the name into Facebook’s search function, you get “Mad Men.”) The currency that “Friends” has generated among young people was even the subject of a joke during the second and otherwise entirely humorless season of “True Detective.” Last spring, the “Friends” theme song was performed at a choral concert at the Bronx High School of Science; students at Brearley and Saint Ann’s are enthralled. All of this despite the fact that “Friends” is a laugh-tracked network enterprise predating the era of social media.
Facebook上有1900多万人喜欢《老友记》，几乎是喜欢《宋飞传》(Seinfeld)的人的四倍（同样被遗忘的还有《我为卿狂》[Mad About You]，它也是一部以90年代曼哈顿为背景的情景喜剧，你要是在Facebook上搜《我为卿狂》，你搜到的只会是《广告狂人》[Mad Men]）。《老友记》在年轻人中的流行甚至成为《真探》(True Detective)第二季中的一个笑话，要是没有这个笑话，那一季就完全没有幽默可言。今年春天，布朗克斯科学高级中学(Bronx High School of Science)的合唱音乐会甚至演唱了《老友记》的主题曲；布里尔利高中(Brearley)和圣安妮高中(Saint Ann)的学生们也都被该剧迷住了——尽管《老友记》只是社交媒体时代之前一部配有背景笑声的喜剧。
As a portrayal of post-collegiate life in New York, “Friends” offers neither the Cristal and Bergdorf’s rendering of “Sex and the City” nor the jolie-laide bohemianism of “Girls,” let alone the stoner chaos of “Broad City,” which makes its resurgent appeal additionally curious. Shot on a set in Los Angeles, “Friends” gives us a vision of New York that is ostentatiously fake but rarely makes use of fantasy.
同样是描绘大学毕业后在纽约的生活，《老友记》既不像《欲望都市》(Sex and the City)那样光鲜奢华，也不像《都市女孩》(Girls)那样玩世不恭，更不像《大城小妞》(Broad City)那样是讲述瘾君子的混乱生活，所以你很难理解它为什么能重现魅力。《老友记》是在洛杉矶的摄影棚里拍摄的，它给我们呈现的纽约场景显然是假的，但并不是幻想出来的。
Having debuted during the first few months of the Giuliani administration, the show keeps things dingy and menacing way past the point at which the city itself had exfoliated its grimier layers. The seemingly genial neighborhood tailor is likely to grope his male clients before altering their trousers. The guy you can see outside your apartment window is naked and creepy. Phoebe and Ross are mugged in a back alley seemingly borrowed from the set of “Rent” near their coffee bar, Central Perk, well into the first Bloomberg term. At another point, Phoebe and Rachel decide they need to learn self-defense to ward off predators.
该剧开播之时，朱利亚尼(Giuliani)刚担任纽约市长几个月。当时的纽约市已经焕然一新，但是该剧所展示的生活环境却还是肮脏、危险。貌似友好的街坊男裁缝很会在改裤子之前揩男顾客的油。住在对面公寓里的男人总是光着身子，让人感觉怪怪的。菲比(Phoebe)和罗斯(Ross)在他们最爱的中央公园咖啡馆(Central Perk)附近的一条背街里被打劫，那条街似乎是借用《吉屋出租》(Rent)的布景。那时候，布隆伯格(Bloomberg)在纽约市长位置上的首任任期已经过了相当一段时间。在另一集里，菲比和蕾切尔(Rachel)决定学习防身术来抵挡罪犯。
What’s novel about “Friends,” or what must seem so to a certain subset of New York teenagers of whom so much is expected, is the absence among the six central characters of any quality of corrosive ambition. The show refuses to take professional life or creative aspirations too seriously. What does Chandler Bing actually do? I was never entirely sure. In the series’ ninth season he is an advertising intern. On “Girls” you have writers who are trying to be Mary Karr; on “Friends” you have actors who want to be on “Days of Our Lives.”
至少对一部分被寄予厚望的纽约青少年来说，《老友记》的新奇之处在于，六位主人公没有任何有害的野心。这部电视剧无意强调事业或创造性志向。钱德勒·宾(Chandler Bing)到底是做什么工作的？我从来也没弄清。在该剧的第九季里，他做过广告公司的实习生。《都市女孩》中的作家梦想有一天像玛丽·卡尔(Mary Karr)一样出名；而《老友记》中的演员只是想出演《我们的日子》(Days of Our Lives)。
The dreamscape dimension of “Friends” lies in the way schedules are freed up for fun and shenanigans and talking and rehashing, always. “In the back of our minds we know it’s unrealistic,” Maggie Parham, a 15-year-old who lives on the Upper West Side, told me. The characters “have nice apartments and lots of free time but there is something about that perfect lifestyle that is fun to watch,” she said, adding, “They all work, but they seem to be able to get out of work easily.”
《老友记》的幻景在于主人公们总是有空玩乐，搞恶作剧，闲聊，翻旧账。“从内心深处，我们知道这是不现实的，”住在上西区的15岁的玛吉·帕勒姆(Maggie Parham)说。她又补充，那些人“住着很好的公寓，有很多空闲时间，但是这种看起来很有趣的完美生活有个问题。他们都工作，但他们似乎都可以随便离开工作岗位”。
Another high school girl I spoke to, a 17-year-old who lives in Brooklyn, told me she had watched every episode of “Friends” and half of them twice. “That’s true for a lot of my friends,” she said. “We are really into categorizing each other as a Rachel or a Monica; it’s fun to play into that.” This girl asked that I not use her name because she was in the process of applying to colleges, and in the world as it is, a public statement about an entertainment produced not in the 18th century — a statement a college-admissions officer might find on the Internet and regard as frivolous — is considered perilous. “I think, for people my age, it’s such a stressful time in terms of school and college applications, and ‘Friends’ is a funny show that you can watch before bed and just chill out,” she said.
另一位住在布鲁克林的17岁高中女孩说，《老友记》的每一集她都看了，有一半看了两遍。“我的很多朋友也是这样，”她说，“我们非常喜欢讨论对方是蕾切尔型的还是莫妮卡(Monica)型的，很好玩。”那个女孩让我不要透露她的名字，因为她正在申请大学。在如今这个社会，公开评论一部非18世纪文娱作品被认为是危险的。大学招生处的人可能在网上看到她的评论，认为她太过轻浮。“我觉得，我这个年纪的人因为学业和大学申请都觉得很有压力，而《老友记》很好玩，你可以在睡觉前看一下，放松心情，”她说。
It did not escape her attention that the characters are almost never stressed out about their jobs. “All they do is hang out in a coffee shop or a really nice apartment,” she said. “It’s the ideal situation.”
她也注意到，剧中人物几乎从未为工作感到压力。“他们成天在咖啡馆和一个很不错的公寓里闲聊消遣，”她说，“那是一种理想化的状态。”
At least 22 auto companies have so far announced price cut plans in China following reduced tariffs on vehicles and auto parts. The move marked the biggest price cut in China's auto industry in 10 years.
截至目前，至少已有22家在华车企公布了降价计划。这是我国汽车行业十年来最大的一次降价潮。
Auto companies, including Volvo, Audi, Lexus and Mitsubishi, have announced plans to reduce vehicle prices ranging from 7,200 yuan to 392,800 yuan depending on different brands and models.
沃尔沃、奥迪、雷克萨斯和三菱等车企纷纷公布了7200元至39.28万元不等的车辆售价下调计划，降幅根据汽车品牌和型号有所不同。
The Ministry of Finance announced last week it would cut import tariffs on vehicles and auto parts from July 1.
财政部于上周宣布将自7月1日起下调汽车整车及零部件的进口关税。
For cars, the 25-percent tariff levied on 135 items and the 20-percent duty on four items will both be cut to 15 percent. The items include passenger cars and certain trucks.
对于汽车，对135件产品征收25%的关税，对4件产品征收20%的关税，这两项税率都将降至15%。这些物品包括乘用车和某些卡车。
Import tariffs on 79 auto parts will all be reduced to 6 percent from the current levels of 8-25 percent.
所有79种汽车零部件的进口关税将从目前的8%-25%降至6%。
Analysts said the pricing adjustment of imported vehicles will pose challenges for Chinese auto brands as they are expected to further lower prices to cope with the competition.
分析人士称，进口车价格调整将为国产车品牌带来挑战，预计国产车品牌将进一步降价以应对竞争。
China has remained the world's largest auto market in terms of production and sales for nine years. In 2017, China produced more than 29 million vehicles and sold 28.88 million, up 3.2 percent and 3 percent respectively, according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.
九年来，中国在生产和销售方面一直是世界上最大的汽车市场。据中国汽车工业协会统计，2017年，中国汽车产量超过2900万辆，销售量2888万辆，分别增长了3.2%和3%。
This is the 22-year-old computer wizard who put a stop to the ransomware virus that caused chaos around the world.
一位22岁的电脑大神破解了在全球造成混乱的勒索病毒。
The British surfer, named as Marcus Hutchins, became an ‘accidental hero' after halting the global spread of the unprecedented attack.
这位英国网虫名叫Marcus Hutchins，这场病毒突袭因他没有在全球蔓延。
He stopped the virus in just a few hours - by which point, it had brought chaos to the NHS and thousands of other victims.
他在几个小时内就终止了病毒——到那个时候，这种病毒已经在英国国家医疗服务体系造成了骚乱，给成千上万的受害者带来了麻烦。
It is thought he did this from a small bedroom at his parents' home, packed with video games and takeaway pizza boxes.
据称他是在父母家属于他的那间小小的卧室里完成自己的英雄业绩的，卧室里到处是网络游戏光碟，还有披萨外卖的包装盒。
One of Marcus's friends said that the surfer - who had been tweeting anonymously by the name MalwareTech - was just "doing his job" when he put a halt to the spread of the virus.
Marcus一直以MalwareTech的网名混迹在推特网上。Marcus的一个朋友说：他把终止病毒扩散的英雄壮举当成了自己的“例行公事”。
Marcus realised that by registering a website domain name the virus code could be stopped.
Marcus发现，只要注册一个特定网站的域名就能制止病毒程序的运行。
Computer experts have warned the block on the virus may only be temporary and the hackers could easily start up a new one capable of infecting millions more computers within days.
电脑专家警告称，对病毒的拦截可能只是暂时的，黑客可以轻而易举的创建一个新的域名，很快就能继续感染千百万的电脑。
US regulators have thrown a new roadblock in the path of Comcast’s $45bn takeover of Time Warner Cable, rewriting their definition of broadband to paint the largest US cable company as a more dominant force in high-speed internet access.
美国监管机构更改了对宽带的定义。按照新的定义，美国康卡斯特(Comcast)公司在高速互联网接入领域的主导地位更大了，这为美国最大有线电视公司收购时代华纳有线(Time Warner Cable, 简称TWC)的450亿美元交易设置了新的路障。
The US communications watchdog voted 3-2 yesterday to define broadband as an internet service with download speeds of at least 25 megabits per second, compared with its previous definition of 4 Mbps.
昨天，美国通信监管机构——联邦通信委员会(Federal Communication Commission，简称FCC)以3比2的票数，将宽带定义为下载速度至少达到每秒25兆比特的互联网服务。相比之下，此前宽带的定义为每秒4兆比特。
The Federal Communication Commission’s decision has big implications for Comcast’s bid for TWC because it dramatically changes the competitive landscape for broadband — a central consideration for regulators deciding whether to approve the deal.
该委员会的决定对康卡斯特收购TWC的交易会产生巨大影响，原因是这一定义极大地改变了宽带行业的竞争格局，而竞争格局是监管机构决定是否批准该交易的核心要素。
The change means the number of US families who have no choice in their broadband services provider will climb from 19 per cent to more than half. In most cases, that provider will be one of the big cable companies, which have fiercely resisted the change.
这一改变意味着，在美国家庭中，无法选择宽带服务提供商的家庭将从19%增加至半数以上。多数情况下，宽带提供商将是几大有线电视公司之一，这些公司一直在强烈抵制这一改变。
The National Cable & Telecommunications Association, an industry lobby group, said the decision was “arbitrary” and “a clear effort to justify and expand the bounds of the FCC’s own authority”.
行业游说团体——全国有线电视电信协会(National Cable & Telecommunications Association)表示，这一决定“十分武断”，“其目的明显是为了树立和扩大FCC自身权威”。
The FCC split along party lines, with the three Democrats saying the proliferation of mobile devices, video streaming and the “internet of things” meant consumers needed superior internet speeds and Republicans saying 10Mb download speeds were sufficient.
FCC内部存在沿着党派界线的分歧。三位民主党成员表示，移动设备、视频流服务和“物联网”的激增，意味着消费者需要超高网速。而共和党成员表示，10兆比特的下载速度足够了。
The Department of Justice must decide whether the Comcast-TWC deal is anti-competitive while the FCC will rule on whether it is in the public interest. Both agencies are taking longer than expected to assess the transaction. Comcast had hoped to complete the deal by the end of last year, but yesterday it extended its merger agreement with TWC by six months to August 12.
美国司法部(DoJ)必须裁定康卡斯特收购TWC的交易是否会导致垄断，而FCC则要裁定该交易是否符合公共利益。两家机构评估该交易所花的时间都超出了预期。康卡斯特原本希望在2014年底完成这一收购，昨天该公司却将与TWC的并购协议延长了6个月，延至8月12日。
【英文原文】
When is the ideal age to have or adopt a first baby? For most women it is between the ages of 25 to 34 years old.
Slightly more than 75 percent of women questioned in a joint survey by ForbesWoman.com and TheBump.com believe it is the perfect time to become a mother. Forty-two percent narrowed it down further to 25-29 years old, and 17 percent said there was no best age.
Women felt that by their mid-to-late 20s they were more likely to have established themselves in their career and financially, and were ready to take on a new role, according to the poll. A ticking biological clock was a factor for only 21 percent of women.
"Women are looking for a good balance." said Jenna Goudreau, of ForbesWoman.com who worked on the survey. "The number one factor in coming up with this ideal age bracket was career and financial security."
The poll included responses from 2,210 women, nearly half of whom were mothers. More than 50 percent of women without children said they planned to have two children, while slightly more than a third intended to have three or more.
"One of the things we were trying to do with the study is not only find the ideal age to become a mom but to become a mom and have a successful career, as half of the workforce are women now," Goudreau explained.
Although many women combined, or planned to combine, motherhood with a job, 62 percent believe having children has a negative impact on a career. But only 30 percent of working mothers said it had affected their own career.
"I did find that women who have their children younger tend not to earn as much money in their lifetimes," said Goudreau, adding that the younger women are when they have their first child, the less invested they tend to be in their career.
201003/97782.shtml
【中文译文】
什么年龄最适合生育或者领养第一个孩子？答案是：对大多数女人来说25岁到34岁之间最合适。
福布斯女性网和TheBump网站联合开展的一项调查显示，约75%的受访女性认为这个年龄段是当妈妈的最佳时间，有42%的女性把年龄段进一步缩小到25到29岁之间。另外17%的人认为压根就没有最佳时间。
调查显示，处于25-29岁之间的女性认为自己事业有成，经济独立，已经准备好承担新的角色。只有21%的女性认为滴答不停的生物钟是考虑何时要孩子的因素之一。
福布斯女性网负责该调查的詹娜古德罗说：“女性是在寻求一种在最佳年龄段和事业、经济稳定之间的平衡。”
有2210位女性参与了该调查，其中有近一半女性已当上妈妈。超过一半的未生育女性表示他们打算要两个孩子，有约三分之一的人表示想要三个或更多的孩子。
“现在女性占劳动人口的一半，我们做这项调查的目的不仅仅是想找出当妈妈的最佳年龄，还包括如何实现事业家庭两不误，”古德罗说。
现在有女性生了孩子继续或打算继续工作，但62%的人认为生孩子会对事业有消极的影响。但实际上只有30%的上班的妈妈认为生孩子的确影响了自己的事业。
古德罗说：“我的确发现生育孩子较早的女性挣钱少。”古德罗还说女性越早生孩子，她们在事业上的投入就会越少。
调查发现带薪产假和弹性工作时间是最常见的公司福利。只有约三分之一的女性表示她们的公司可以让别人分担部门工作以减轻她们的工作时间，有仅不到6%的公司提供育儿场所。
参与调查的妈妈中，68%的人认为自己生孩子的时机很合适。她们中大多数人在35岁之前生了孩子。那些在35到39岁间生育的女性中有60%的人表示要是再年轻点要孩子就好了。
多数女性生完孩子后继续上班是出于经济原因，有很多人每天的工作时间和生孩子之前一样。
有63%的女性认为她们跟自己的母亲一样，在事业与家庭之间奔波。
A British expat has spent $25,000 turning a car into a giant banana which can be driven.It took the 54-year-old two years and $25,000 to realise his vision.
一名移居美国印第安纳州的英国男子斯蒂文不惜花费25000美元高价用两年时间将自己的汽车改装成了一只拉风的大香蕉，赚足路人眼球。
Steve Braithwaite with friends hold their hands up in the banana car.
斯蒂文和朋友们在拉风的香蕉车里举起双臂，十分开心。
Steve Braithwaite is proud of his car which spent two years to make and cost $25,000.
斯蒂文用了2年时间，耗资25000美元打造了这辆他引以为豪的香蕉车。
Mr Braithwaite said the best thing about the banana car is when children see it.
斯蒂文说最重要的是当孩子们都看到这辆香蕉车的时候。
Steve Braithwaite was inspired by a banana in a fruit bowl on the counter of a gas station when he realised the shape was perfect for a car.
一直以来，斯蒂文都拥有改装汽车的疯狂念头，一个水果篮子激发了他的灵感。
重点单词
查看全部解释
civilian
[si'vilj?n]
想一想再看
adj. 平民的
n. 罗马法专家，平民
联想记忆
X
单词civilian 联想记忆：
civil公民的+ian表名词，“某种人”→平民
foundation
[faun'dein]
想一想再看
n. 基础，根据，建立
n. 粉底霜，基
联想记忆
X
单词foundation 联想记忆：
found（v 建立；使有根据）作为词根表示：底部
technical
['teknik?l]
想一想再看
adj. 技术的，工艺的
hazard
['h?z?d]
想一想再看
n. 冒险，危险，危害
vt. 冒险，赌运气
announced
[?'naunst]
想一想再看
宣布的
interference
[.int?'fi?r?ns]
想一想再看
n. 妨碍，干扰
[计算机] 干涉
联想记忆
X
单词interference 联想记忆：
inter相互，fere碰－妨碍
administration
[?d.mini'strein]
想一想再看
n. 行政，管理，行政部门
联想记忆
X
单词administration 联想记忆：
ad+(mini小+ster→小人→古代大臣称自己是“小人”→部长，大臣)→做部长→管理，治理+ation→行政，管理
regulation
[.regju'lein]
想一想再看
n. 规则，规章，管理
adj. 规定的，官方
drone
[dr?un]
想一想再看
n. 雄蜂，游手好闲者，嗡嗡声，无人驾驶飞机（或艇等），
deputy
['depjuti]
想一想再看
adj. 代理的，副的
n. 代表，副手
联想记忆
X
单词deputy 联想记忆：
de下，put放－下放权力－代理
重点单词
查看全部解释
alcohol
['?lk?h?l]
想一想再看
n. 酒精，乙醇，酒
request
[ri'kwest]
想一想再看
n. 要求，请求
vt. 请求，要求
联想记忆
X
单词request 联想记忆：
源于：require（v 需要；要求；命令）
respond
[ris'p?nd]
想一想再看
v. 回答，答复，反应，反响，响应
n.
联想记忆
X
单词respond 联想记忆：
re回+spond承诺→承诺回去→回答；反应
arrest
[?'rest]
想一想再看
vt. 逮捕，拘留
n. 逮捕，拘留 <b
联想记忆
X
单词arrest 联想记忆：
ar一再+rest休息→不让动→逮捕
threatening
['θretni?]
想一想再看
adj. 威胁(性)的，凶兆的 动词threaten的现
administration
[?d.mini'strein]
想一想再看
n. 行政，管理，行政部门
联想记忆
X
单词administration 联想记忆：
ad+(mini小+ster→小人→古代大臣称自己是“小人”→部长，大臣)→做部长→管理，治理+ation→行政，管理
deportation
[,di:p?:'tein]
想一想再看
n. 驱逐出境；放逐
联想记忆
X
单词deportation 联想记忆：
deport放逐+ation→驱逐出境
troubled
['tr?bld]
想一想再看
adj. 动乱的，不安的；混乱的；困惑的
联想记忆
X
单词troubled 联想记忆：
trouble（n /v 烦恼；麻烦）
petition
[pi'tin]
想一想再看
n. 祈求，请愿书，诉状
vi. 请愿，祈求<
联想记忆
X
单词petition 联想记忆：
pet追求+iteon表名词，“行为过程，状态”→请愿
destructive
[di'str?ktiv]
想一想再看
adj. 破坏性的，有害的
联想记忆
X
单词destructive 联想记忆：
de坏+struct建立+ion→有破坏力的
Meredith Perry is tired of wires.
梅雷迪斯o佩里已经受够了各种充电线。
The 25-year-old was still an undergrad at the University of Pennsylvania when she built the first model of her wireless charging system and demonstrated it at the All Things Digital conference in 2011. (“It was basically like two toaster-sized boxes that were two feet apart, and we showed that you could beam a certain amount of power over that distance with ultrasound,” she says.) Its name? uBeam.
2011年，现在25岁的佩里还是宾西法尼亚大学的一名本科生。就在那一年，她发明了她的第一款无线充电系统，并在All Things Digital科技峰会上展示了一番。（她介绍说，“它基本上是由两台烤箱大小的盒子组成，相距两英尺远，我们在峰会上展示了一下如何通过超声波将电能跨越那段距离输送过去。”）这款设备叫做uBeam。
Now a company in its own right, uBeam says it has a working prototype and could have a product on store shelves within two years. There are other wireless charging systems already out there—Qi, for example, charges your phone as long as it sits on or inches away from a small base—but Perry believes uBeam’s technology is superior to all competitors. As part of the Shape the Future package in the January 2015 issue of Fortune, Perry, who lives in Los Angeles, sat down for a long conversation by phone about how she created uBeam and her vision of other future technologies. What follows is an edited transcript.
现在，这家名为uBeam的公司表示，它正在研制一款可能在两年内就会上市的原型产品。目前市面上已经有了一些无线充电产品。比如，只要你把手机放在一个小基座上，或者离它几英寸远，一种名为Qi的系统就可以给手机无线充电。不过佩里认为uBeam的技术比所有竞争对手都要先进。作为2015年1月《财富》杂志“塑造未来”系列文章的组成部分，佩里在洛杉矶接受了长时间的电话专访，畅谈了她一手创建的uBeam，以及她对其它未来技术的看法。以下是经过编辑的采访实录。
Fortune: Let’s go to a few years ago when you were first beginning to work on uBeam. What was the invention process like?
财富：首先，请谈谈几年前你刚开始研究uBeam时的情形。发明的过程是什么样的？
Meredith Perry: To create something really new is extremely difficult, because there’s no protocol. I can’t Google it online and find, “These are the steps that need to be taken,” or, “When somebody created something similar, these are the questions they asked, these are the people they talked to, and these are the materials they used.” Sometimes you have to create your own materials, your own design, your own manufacturing process. You have to create your own shipping materials that can cover the parts that you built. And we were building all of these tiny little devices by hand. We 3-D-printed tools that were useful in creating these devices. For example, we needed a holder that could hold a certain amount of micro beads. So that’s the level of minutiae you have to get involved with in order to actually execute on something that hasn’t been done before.
梅雷迪斯o佩里：发明某个全新的东西是极为困难的，因为没有原型可以参考。不是说你在谷歌上一搜索，就会显示“需要采取如下步骤，”或者“当某人发明了类似的东西时，他们问了这几个问题，咨询了那几个人，这些是他们用过的材料”。有时你必须创造你自己的材料、你自己的设计以及生产工艺。而且你的材料必须涵盖你要制造的零部件。这些小设备当时都是我们手工制作的。有些对发明这些设备有益的工具，则是采用3D技术打印的。比如，我们需要制作一个容器来放一定量的微珠。为了完成某件从前没有人做过的事情，你必须要做好这些微小的细节。
In the beginning I looked at every possible option. I just wanted to solve a problem. And that was: I don’t want to plug in my laptop anymore. I want to be able to move around a room and use all my devices without plugging them in. And I learned that ultrasound was the only type of technology that would work for the experience we are trying to give, which is the Wi-Fi for charging.
最开始，我几乎看过了每个可能的方案。我只是想解决一个问题，而那个问题就是：我不想再给我的笔记本电脑插电了。我想在一个房间里随时随地使用我的所有设备，而不用给它们充电。我了解到，超声波是唯一一种能够提供我们想要的无线充电体验的技术。
Then I basically stopped at what materials we needed to make that happen—they’re called transducers, which convert electrical energy into sound and sound back into electricity. I knew that for this project to work, I needed the right transducer, and a transmitter that needs to have this amount of power and be able to beam that power across the room and hit these targets, and so on.
然后，我基本上停顿在这种技术所需要的材料上——这种材料叫做“换能器”，它可以把电能转化成声波，再把声波转化为电能。我知道这个项目要想成功，必须要有正确的换能器，另外还得有一个能发射足够额度电能的发射机，等等。
And that existed already?
这些是否已经有了？
Yes, transducers are used in speakers. And that’s effectively what uBeam is: a speaker. To make sound, in general you plug in a speaker, which is a bunch of sonic transducers. And we’re using ultrasonic transducers, which is sound above what you can hear. So when you plug in a speaker, you’re taking electricity from a wall, and the electricity is converted into sound, and that sound travels through the air. You’re converting electrical energy into acoustic energy. So that already exists. But a speaker is radiating out sound in 360 degrees, and you’re not going to get that much power from sound unless you focus it. So you have to do the same thing you would do with a laser beam, or with a light bulb—you take the energy and funnel it into a cone. But we’re not physically focusing it, we’re digitally focusing it. So we had to create a transmitter that digitally focuses sound to get enough power out of our ultrasonic speaker across the room. So the whole concept of uBeam worked because I knew that transducers existed. It was just a matter of thinking about sound as a form of energy, which people don’t often think about.
是的，换能器被用在扬声器中。而且其实uBeam本质上就是个扬声器。为了发出声波，你要先给一个扬声器通电，这个扬声器包含了很多声波换能器。我们使用的是超声波换能器，它的音频是人耳听不到的。所以当你把这个扬声器通电后，你可以从墙上的电源获得电力，然后电力会被转化为声波，声波会在空气中运动，这样你就把电能变成了声能。这种技术已经存在了。但是扬声器是360度辐射的，这样散射的声波没法产生足够的能量，除非你让它集中起来。所以你要做的事情就是像激光或电灯一样，要用一个漏斗体让它聚焦。但我们并没有采用物理设备让它聚焦，而是利用数字技术让它聚焦。所以我们必须构建一个能令声音进行数字聚焦的发射机，让我们的超声波扬声器能发出足够的能量贯穿整个房间。所以uBeam的理念之所以有效，就是因为我知道换能器是存在的。所以你只需要把声波想成一种能量即可，只是人们通常想不到这一点。
Anyway. I’m kind of going into weird details about this.
关于这个东西我好像说得太过细节了，听起来有点奇怪吧。
No, it’s fascinating. Let’s talk more about the general process. What was your work method?
不，它非常有意思。让我们多说说它的一般程序。你的工作方法是怎样的？
Well, back in 2012, we had raised a bunch of money, I had this whole plan planned out, but it was extremely difficult because I was working with only contractors. Up until a few months ago, even. Until we raised our Series A [funding round, totaling $10 million and led by Upfront Ventures] we didn’t have any full-time employees except me. So what I did was broke apart the technology into its pieces. I had people working on the transmitter, and there are the electronics behind the transmitter, so I contracted people to create the electronics behind the transmitter. Then I did tons and tons of research to figure out, “What is the most powerful, in-air, ultrasonic transducer I can get?” There are a zillion different types of ultrasonic transducers. Most are made for medical purposes, like sonograms. Then there are people that have designed transducers for cars, like when you back up and you hear the “beep beep.” Then there are transducers you use underwater for sonar, like on a submarine. I needed to figure out which is the best transducer I can use that will beam power through the air. And of course, nothing had been created before that was even close.
在2012年的时候，我们融到了不少资金，我已经有了整个计划，但整个过程还是极为艰难的，因为当时我只能与承包商合作。甚至一直到几个月之前还是这样。一直到A轮融资结束（该公司获得了由Upfront Ventures公司领投的1000万美金），除了我自己以外，我们甚至连一名全职员工都没有。所以我只好把技术分成一块一块的。有人专门做发射机，发射机后面还有一些电子元件，所以我又跟人签了合同，让他们去做发射机后面的电子元件。然后我做了大量的研究，试图找出我能获得的最强大的超声波换能器。超声波换能器的种类数不胜数，大多数都用于医疗用途，比如超声波扫描。另外还有人设计了汽车用的超声换能器，比如倒车雷达。还有一些是用于水下定位的，比如潜艇用的那种。我需要确定哪种换能器是我需要的，也就是能够通过空气传递能量。当然，在此之前从来没有人做出过哪怕与它比较接近的东西。
There was one type of transducer that came out of a university, and it was kind of close, all we had to do was change this, this, and this, and theoretically we should be able to output the power we need using this design… so I contracted the people that wrote those papers to design those transducers. Then I needed someone to design the transmitter transducer, but I also needed someone else to design the receiver transducer, which would capture the energy. So I had individual people working on individual parts of the system.
有一个大学做过一种换能器，它算是比较接近了，但是我们也得对它改了又改。理论上我们可以通过这个设计传递能量……所以我联系了这些论文的作者，请他们设计这些换能器。然后我需要有人设计发射换能器，同时我也需要有人来设计接收换能器。所以我是让不同的人来设计系统的不同部分。
It sounds almost like an assembly line.
听起来像一条组装线。
Right. But it was very difficult because everybody was remote. That was the challenge of the way I set it up. But I could not get anyone to come on full-time. And I didn’t necessarily need anyone to come on full-time, I just needed each person to finish their one part.
是的，但这个过程很困难，因为每个人都离我很远。这也是我的工作方法所带来的挑战。但是我没法让任何人来全职工作，而且我也没有必要让任何人来全职工作，我只需要每个人完成他们那一部分就可以了。
The part we couldn’t crack was the transducer. It took us a total of 14 months working on that one particular problem.
最难啃的骨头就是换能器，这个问题花了我们整整14个星期的时间。
But that one part is the core engine, isn’t it?
但这个部分正是核心引擎，是吗？
Well, for a system to function each part needs to work, but ultimately this piece is the heartbeat, yes.
一个系统要想工作，每个零部件都得工作才行，但最终这个部分是它的心脏，所以是的。
So then it makes sense that the transducer took the longest.
所以说，换能器花了最长的时间是也有道理的。
Yes, but I didn’t realize just how hard it would be.
是的，但当时我没意识到它会这么艰难。
Had no one ever tried wireless charging before?
之前没有人尝试过无线充电吗？
Wireless charging as a category absolutely has been tried before and is being done by multiple parties using different technologies. But in terms of ultrasonic power, no. Anything that can be beamed through the air can be converted into a usable type of energy. So, people have tried laser for wireless power, but lasers can blind you. And then there’s [Duracell] Powermat, which uses induction and is magnetic, so you stick your phone on a mat and it charges. I don’t consider that true wireless power. Then with magnetic resonance coupling, which a company called WiTricity is using, it’s a totally viable technology but it’s only effective in charging really large objects over really short distances. If you want to charge something that way at a greater distance, you need receivers that are larger than the device you’re charging, so there’s a convenience issue.
无线充电作为一种技术门类，当然肯定已经有人尝试过了，而且是被很多人使用很多不同的技术尝试过了。但在超声波这一块还没人尝试过。任何能被发射到空气中的东西都可以被转换为某种可用能源。因此人们已经尝试过用激光无线充电，但激光可以致盲。此外还有一家叫Powermat的公司使用了电磁技术，你可以把手机放在一张充电垫上实现充电。但我认为它还不是真正的无线充电。另外一家名叫WiTricity的公司还使用了电磁共振耦合技术，这也是一种完全具有可行性的技术，但它只在给距离很近的大型物体充电时才有效。如果你想在更远的距离上给设备充电，那么它的接收器要比你想充电的设备还要大。所以还存在一个便利性问题。
So at the end of the day, ultrasound is the only technology that is safe, that can travel the distance, that can charge your device, while remaining small and compact. Ultrasonic is the only type of energy that can be commercialized for consumer devices.
因此，归根到底，超声波是唯一一个既安全又可以远距离充电的技术，同时又可以保持设备的小巧紧凑。超声波是唯一一种能够用于消费电子产品的具有商用前景的无线充电技术。
Well, with one hurdle being that it doesn’t work through walls, like Wi-Fi does.
但是它也有一个缺陷，就是没有办法像Wi-Fi那样穿墙。
Well, it’s not necessarily a hurdle if you look at the positives. It’s what makes ultrasound the most secure data transmission system in existence.
不过，如果你看看它的好处的话，这也未必算一种缺陷。正是这种特性，使得超声波成为目前最安全的数据传输系统。
But, pie-in-the-sky hope, you’d want it to work through walls, right?
但是你还是希望它能够穿墙的，对吗？
Oh, of course. But it’s physically impossible. If it were possible, I would take that over the secure data transmission. But even working in one room, think about where that can be applied. Not only within homes and rooms, but think about airports, conference halls, concerts. And you can charge an arbitrary number of devices at any time.
当然，但它在物理上是不可能的。如果真有这种可能，我认为它可能会损害数据传输的安全性。但即便它只能在室内使用，你也不妨妨想想它的应用前景。它不仅可以在家庭和办公室使用，同时也可以用于机场、会议厅、音乐厅等等。而且你随时都可以给任意数量的设备充电。
You first raised big funding when uBeam was in really early stages. Did you feel a lot of pressure and urgency?
当uBeam还处于非常早期的研发阶段时，你就获得了融资。当时你的压力和紧迫感是否很大？
There was a sense of insane urgency throughout the entire process. And I pushed and pushed and pushed, but you can only push so hard. I had set myself an artificial deadline, and I was continuously disappointed that I wasn’t hitting that. But in speaking with people who had created new technologies before, they would say, “Holy crap, you did that in two years? That’s incredibly short.” In my mind, we were like dinosaurs already, but people who have actually experienced creating new technology before said this was actually pretty fast. But the process killed me. People would check in and ask our progress, but to explain what was actually taking so long would take hours.
在整个过程中，我都有一种近似疯狂的紧迫感。我不断地向前推动它，但你能做的也就是用力推动它而已。我给自己设定了一个时间线，但由于无法满足它，因此我经常感到失望。但是在与发明过新技术的人聊天时，他们会说：“天哪，你用了两年就把它做出来了？时间短得令人难以置信。”在我看来，我们花的时间像恐龙时代一样漫长，不过对于那些真正经历过发明创造的人来说，他们会觉得这个过程已经很快了。但是这个过程痛苦死了。人们会过来问我们的进展，但是光要解释哪个流程要花这么长时间，就得花上几个小时。
Was that frustrating?
这个过程令人沮丧吗？
Of course. And the other thing is that throughout the process, I always thought, “Okay, it’s going to work in three months. We’ve got this great new idea to make this transducer function.” So instead of giving someone an update I’d say I’ll tell you in one month. But then we’d fail, and then we’d say we will make a certain change, and then it will work, and that happened about five times. It took about three months to make each change. It was extraordinarily expensive every single time we wanted to make a change to the device. And the lag time was mind-boggling. When you fail five times but you take tiny steps forward each time, it keeps you going. You can stay positive because there’s still light at the end of the tunnel. But at the same time, it really wears you down. You constantly have to think, “Okay, so if this next option doesn’t work, what will we do?” And you just can’t stop until you accomplish your goal. What really kept me going through the entire process was, “Even though this is so hard, it’s still possible.” And I knew that if it was still possible, I had to do it, because it would be so huge. I know that if I was working on something smaller, or something that I didn’t believe could make such an impact on the world then I wouldn’t have been able to keep going through those times.
当然。这种沮丧感贯穿整个研发过程，我总是想：“好吧，三个月里就会见效果，我们已经有了很好的新点子来让这个换能器出效果。”所以有人问时，我不会马上给他反馈，而是说我会在一个月内告诉你。不过后来我们失败了，然后我们会说，我们要做一些改变，这样它就能出效果。这种情况大概重复了五次，每次改变都需要三个月的时间。每次我们想对设备做出某种改变，代价都是极为高昂的。而且它拖延的时间也是非常长的。当你失败了五次，但每次都取得了某些微小的进步时，它依然促使着你继续前进，你仍然可以保持乐观，因为前方已经出现曙光了。但与此同时，它也的确令你感到心力交瘁。你会不停地想：“如果下次还不成功，我们该怎么办？”在最终实现你的目标之前，你根本停不下来。真正使我熬过整个过程的是这种想法：“尽管它很难，但它是可能实现的。”我知道只要它是可能的，我就必须做下去，因为它是一件意义非常重大的事。如果我做的是某件稍小的事，或是某件我觉得不会对全世界产生如此大影响的事，那么在这些时候，我可能就坚持不下去了。
So one of our contractors we brought on, who is is now our CTO, created an entirely new type of transducer during our 14-month marathon of death— it ended up working on the first try. We were running out of money. We had two designs running in parallel, and we knew one of them had to work or we’d be screwed. In the end, both designs worked, but his was so much cheaper and so much more powerful that we went with his.
最后，我们的一位承包商，也就是我们的现任CTO，经过长达14个月的“死亡马拉松”，终于开发出一种全新的换能器。当时我们已经没有资金了，我们同时在测试两个设计，我们知道其中一个必须成功，否则的话，我们就彻底玩完了。最后，两个设计都成功了，但他的设计要便宜得多，也强大得多，所以最后我们采用了他的方案。
Take me to the moment when the prototype worked successfully, if there was one big moment.
说说原型产品成功的那一刻，如果存在某个重要时刻的话。
It was when our CTO’s transducer worked. To paint the picture of what life was like at that time: for six and a half months, from December 2013 through June 2014, I was basically living in the tiny garage of my CTO in northern Virginia. It was the worst winter of my entire life, and we spent 10 hours a day just like little Foxconn workers in this garage with no windows, breathing in toxic fumes and trying to get this thing to work over and over and over again.
那就是我们CTO的换能器开始奏效那一刻。我给你描绘一下我在那段时日的生活状态：从2013年12月到2014年6月的六个半月里，我基本上都是住在我们公司CTO那间位于在北弗吉尼亚的小车库里。那是我整个人生中最糟糕的一个冬季，我们就像富士康工厂的工人一样，每天要在那间没有窗户的小车库里工作10小时，呼吸着有毒的气体，一遍又一遍地反复尝试。
It was either in April or May when we tested out the hybrid, it worked, and I literally screamed for joy. I had the biggest smile on my face because I knew that the future was bright. We knew it was real, it’s going to work, we proved the last piece that we needed to prove.
到了四月或五月，我们终于测试了最后的产品，而且它成功了，毫不夸张地说，我快乐得尖叫了起来。我的脸上挂着最大的笑容，因为我知道前途是光明的。我们知道这是真的，它会成功的，我们验证了需要验证的最后一步。
And now we all just wait for it to come out.
现在我们都在等它上市销售。
Yes. Most of the world still doesn’t know about this, which is awesome. So we’re going to release it when we release it, and it’ll be something completely new, and I think that the world will be delighted by the experience.
是的，全世界大多数人还不知道它，但它的确很赞。所以我们会选择合适的时机举行发布会，它会成为一种全新的技术，我认为全世界都会因为这种体验而感到兴奋。
Looking toward the future, what are some of other existing or eventual technologies that excite and interest you?
放眼未来，在现有或可能出现的技术中，有哪些让你兴奋或感兴趣？
There are a few. And I’ll try to be quick because I get a little too excited. They span between health and transportation and 3-D holograms. So, last year I got really into the idea of creating 3-D, touchable holograms in the air using fog. I wanted to create a system where you could be sitting next to somebody who is in China but could actually touch them, see them, feel them. I built a bunch of hologram machines, which was cool.
有一些。我会快点说，因为我有点太兴奋了。这些技术主要在健康、运输和3D全息技术领域。去年我对利用光雾效果建立3D全息影像的技术非常感兴趣。我想构建这样一个系统：你坐在这里，而你旁边那个人其实身在中国，但你可以触摸他、看到他、感觉他。我制造了很多全息投影仪，它们也很酷。
Is this different from the Tupac hologram at Coachella in 2012?
它与2012年科切拉音乐节上已故歌手图派克的全息投影有什么区别吗？
Yeah. This would actually be a three-dimensional display, not just a projection. That’s one thing, the other is I think that people should have some kind of embedded blood sensor that reads your levels continuously. To me, it’s kind of crazy that only once people feel really crappy, they go to a doctor and find out what’s wrong with them. Why don’t we have some sensor built into the body that lets you know before you feel ill, and ultimately, is connected to an embedded dispensary that can put sugar into your body if your glucose is low? You basically would have an external, but embedded, automatic system that regulates your body.
是的，有区别。它是真正的三维影像，而不仅仅是一个投影。另一种技术是，我觉得人们应该在身体里植入某种血液传感器，不间断地监测你的体征指标。现在人们只有在很难受的时候才去看医生。为什么我们不在身体里植入一个传感器，在症状显现出来之前就给我们发送警报呢？另外，这个传感器还可以与嵌入式“药箱”搭配使用，比如说当人体处于低糖状态时，它就会自动向身体提供糖分。也就是说，你会有一个外部的，但同时又是嵌入式的自动化系统来管理你的身体健康。
This sound like the first step in making us all half-robot, though…
这听起来像是人体半机器人化的第一步。
Right! Yes. What I think is crazy is we have so much data and insight into our digital world, but we have no insight into what’s actually going on inside the most important system of all, our bodies. And then, finally, curing cancer is a big one. If it’s not curable, we need to make MRI machines that detect lumps and growths much smaller than what they can detect right now. Part of the reason we detect cancer at stages where it’s a little too late is that the machines that detect cancer can only see lumps of a certain size. If we were able to detect cancerous growths at a size smaller, we could stop it earlier on. So instead of curing it maybe what we need to do is use machines to catch it much earlier.
是的！对于我们的数码世界，我们已经有了很多数据和见解，但对于最重要的系统，也就是我们的身体，我们却没有足够的认识。最后，治愈癌症也是一件大事。如果癌症是无法根治的，那么我们也可以研制新型的核磁共振仪，在肿瘤比现在小得多的时候探测到它们的存在。目前癌症一检查出来经常就是晚期，主要原因就在于现有的设备只能看到一定大小的肿瘤。如果我们能探测到更小尺寸的肿瘤，我们就可以更早地阻止它。所以说，与其想办法根治它，或许我们应该做的是利用机器更早地捕捉它。
Many of these ideas you like—wouldn’t they scare most people? Its all very Isaac Asimov.
很多你喜欢的点子会不会吓到多数人？它们听起来很有阿西莫夫的风格。
I’ve thought about how to implement this. Speaking for myself, I never want to go to the dentist, I never want to go to the various doctors. So if someone told me to implant something in my body, as a futurist, I’d be down, but as a citizen I would think it is annoying. And maybe scary. So I think it’s something that needs to be done when you’re super young with the guidance of a pediatrician. We could just get in the habit of, once you’re born, when you’re two years old or something, you get this thing implanted and you grow up with it and it becomes part of your life. People are just scared of things that they’re not used to.
我已经想过怎样实施这些点子了。说到我自己，我从来不喜欢看牙医，也从来不喜欢看医生。所以如果有人让我往身体里植入一个东西，作为一个未来主义者，我可能被说服；但作为一个普通人，我会觉得这样做很讨厌，甚至有些吓人。所以我认为这种事情应该在人非常小的时候，在儿科医生的指导下完成。我们以后可能养成这种习惯，也就是出生后，大约两岁大的时候，你就会被植入这种东西，然后带着它长大，它会成为你人生的一部分。人们只不过是对自己不习惯的东西感到恐惧。（财富中文网）
Tibet came top of 25 Chinese provinces and municipalities that had released their half-year GDP growth figure as of last Monday, thanks to investment in infrastructure and local industries.
截止上周一，全国已有25个省区市公布了上半年GDP增速数据，得益于基础设施和地方产业的投资，西藏位居榜首。
The economic growth of Tibet was 10.6% during the first half of the year, extending a 23-year streak of double digit growth and 3.9 percentage points higher than the national average for the same period.
今年上半年，西藏的经济增速为10.6%，延续了23年保持两位数增长的势头，较同期全国平均水平高出3.9个百分点。
Southwest municipality Chongqing also reported economic growth of 10.6 percent in the first half, joining Tibet and a string of hinterland provinces that have defied the economic headwinds holding back growth in the more developed eastern coastal provinces.
西南部的直辖市重庆市公布的上半年经济增速同样是10.6%，连同西藏与多个内陆省份顶住了经济逆风。这股经济逆风抑制了较发达的东部沿海省份的经济增长。
Stellar economic growth in the country's western region came as authorities ramp up infrastructure spending to offset a decline in foreign trade and private investment.
随着我国政府增加基础设施支出，以抵消外贸和民间投资的下降，我国西部地区交出了亮眼的经济增速成绩单。
Tibet's robust growth is underpinned by strong investment in infrastructure. The autonomous region also invested in tourism, bottled water and food manufacturing in hopes of making them into pillar industries to drive sustainable growth in the long term.
西藏的强劲增长是由强劲的基建投资支撑的。此外，该自治区还在旅游业，瓶装水和食品制造业上进行投资，希望能使这些成为支柱产业，以期推动可持续增长。
The poverty alleviation program also helped stimulate growth, with over 2 billion yuan already invested in relocation program.
另外，扶贫计划也有助于刺激增长，现在已有超过20亿元的资金投入到安置计划中。
The regional authorities also eyed double digit growth in fiscal income, household disposable income and fixed assets investment in the five years.
除此之外，该地区政府已经将接下来5年的财政预算收入、家庭可支配收入、固定资产投资等指标亦锁定两位数的增长。
重点单词
查看全部解释
available
[?'veil?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 可用的，可得到的，有用的，有效的
联想记忆
X
单词available 联想记忆：
avail效用。参：availability（n 可用性，实用性）
display
[di'splei]
想一想再看
n. 显示，陈列，炫耀
vt. 显示，表现，夸
fraction
['fr?kn]
想一想再看
n. 分数，小部分，破片
联想记忆
X
单词fraction 联想记忆：
fract=break打碎+ion→部分，小片，分数
function
['fkn]
想一想再看
n. 功能，函数，职务，重大聚会
vi. 运行
domestic
[d?'mestik]
想一想再看
adj. 国内的，家庭的，驯养的
n. 家仆，
network
['netw?:k]
想一想再看
n. 网络，网状物，网状系统
vt. (
competent
['k?mpit?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 有能力的，胜任的，足够的
联想记忆
X
单词competent 联想记忆：
compete竞争+ent→竞争的[能力]→有资格的，能力的
lens
[lenz]
想一想再看
n. 镜头，透镜，(眼球的)水晶体
vt
galaxy
['g?l?ksi]
想一想再看
n. 银河，一群显赫之人
联想记忆
X
单词galaxy 联想记忆：
gala＝milk牛奶，milky way＝银河系以xy结尾的只有4个单词，xy表示交织在一起，象坐标线一样，银河系也象星星交织在一起。参：neodoxy（n 新学说；新见解）；orthodoxy（adj 正统的）；heterodoxy（n 非正统；异说）
rare
[r]
想一想再看
adj. 稀罕的，稀薄的，罕见的，珍贵的
ad
重点单词
查看全部解释
available
[?'veil?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 可用的，可得到的，有用的，有效的
联想记忆
X
单词available 联想记忆：
avail效用。参：availability（n 可用性，实用性）
display
[di'splei]
想一想再看
n. 显示，陈列，炫耀
vt. 显示，表现，夸
fraction
['fr?kn]
想一想再看
n. 分数，小部分，破片
联想记忆
X
单词fraction 联想记忆：
fract=break打碎+ion→部分，小片，分数
function
['fkn]
想一想再看
n. 功能，函数，职务，重大聚会
vi. 运行
domestic
[d?'mestik]
想一想再看
adj. 国内的，家庭的，驯养的
n. 家仆，
network
['netw?:k]
想一想再看
n. 网络，网状物，网状系统
vt. (
competent
['k?mpit?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 有能力的，胜任的，足够的
联想记忆
X
单词competent 联想记忆：
compete竞争+ent→竞争的[能力]→有资格的，能力的
lens
[lenz]
想一想再看
n. 镜头，透镜，(眼球的)水晶体
vt
galaxy
['g?l?ksi]
想一想再看
n. 银河，一群显赫之人
联想记忆
X
单词galaxy 联想记忆：
gala＝milk牛奶，milky way＝银河系以xy结尾的只有4个单词，xy表示交织在一起，象坐标线一样，银河系也象星星交织在一起。参：neodoxy（n 新学说；新见解）；orthodoxy（adj 正统的）；heterodoxy（n 非正统；异说）
rare
[r]
想一想再看
adj. 稀罕的，稀薄的，罕见的，珍贵的
ad
The bargain Indian phone will lead British consumers to question why they pay hundredsof pounds for their phones and expensive contracts with network providers, whenthe raw components are so cheap.
这款印度手机价格如此便宜，在英国的人们不禁要问为什么英国的手机那么贵，还要和网络供应商们签订昂贵的合同。
Apple's latest iPhone, the 5S, costs ￡549 in the UK and the Samsung Galaxy S5 coststhe same. Even Motorola’s more basic Moto G smartphone costs ￡125.
苹果最新的5S在英国的售价是549英镑，三星Galaxy S5的价格也差不多。甚至摩托罗拉更简单的Moto G都要卖125英镑。
The Karbonn A50S mainly uses previousgeneration hardware, although it is still a highly competent handset. It runsthe last but one version of Android, which is also used by handset makersSamsung, HTC and many others.
Karbonn A50S虽然性能很好，但使用的是前代的硬件。使用的也是倒数第二新的安卓系统，三星，HTC和许多其他厂家也使用这种系统。
And while the 3.5-inch touchscreen is smallfor a modern smartphone and does not provide high-definition display, thedual-core processor – the chip that controls the phone – is as fast as manyother handsets.
显示屏只有3.5英寸，虽然有点小，而且不是高清显示，但是其双核处理器——也就是控制手机的芯片——和其他手机一样快。
Apple iPhone 5S
Price: ￡549
Screen: 4-inch
Screen pixels: 1,136x640
Memory: 16GB
Camera (megapixels): 8 mp
Processor: Dual-core 1.3Ghz
Software: iOS 7[qh]
Connections: WIFI, 2G, 3G,4G
苹果5S
价格：549英镑
屏幕：4英寸
屏幕像素：1,136x640
内存：16GB
相机（百万像素）：800万
处理器：双核1.3千兆赫
软件：iOS 7
连接：WIFI, 2G, 3G,4G
Samsung Galaxy S5
Price: ￡549
Screen: 5.1-inch
Screen pixels: 1,080x1,920
Memory: 16GB
Camera (megapixels): 16 mp
Processor: Quad-core 2.5Ghz
Software: Android KitKat
Connections: WIFI, 2G, 3G,4G
三星S5
价格：549英镑
屏幕：5.1英寸
屏幕像素：1,080x1,920
内存：16GB
相机（百万像素）：1600万
处理器：四核2.5千兆赫
软件：AndroidKitKat
连接：WIFI, 2G, 3G,4G
Karbonn A50S
Price: ￡26
Screen: 3.5-inch
Screen pixels: 480x320
Memory: 512 MB
Camera (megapixels): 2 mp
Processor: Dual-core 1.2Ghz
Software: Android Jelly Bean
Connections: WIFI, 2G, 3G
印度Karbonn A50S
价格：26英镑
屏幕：3.5英寸
屏幕像素：480x320
内存：512MB
相机（百万像素）：200万
处理器：双核1.2千兆赫
软件：Android Jelly Bean
连接：WIFI, 2G, 3G
201408/317539.shtmlNBA2K18 has everyone shook!
NBA2K18让你兴奋了吗？
LeBron James VS Kevin Durant
勒布朗詹姆VS凯文杜兰特
Golden State Warriors forward Kevin Durant beat LeBron James' Cleveland Cavaliers for the NBA title last season — and won NBA Finals MVP — so he's probably not worried about video-game bragging rights.
刚刚过去的赛季，凯文杜兰特在顶上战争击败勒布朗詹姆斯并夺得NBA最有价值球员。——所以也许他不用担心在2K里面没有吹水的权利啦。
Even so, KD couldn't quite clip James in "NBA 2K18." We learned earlier this month that Durant garnered a 96 overall rating, equaling James' rating in last year's edition of the game. But, as Chicago Bulls guard Dwyane Wade revealed Tuesday, James was bumped up to a 97 this year:
但即便如此，KD也无法再2K18里跟詹姆斯并驾齐驱。这个月早些时候我们知道杜兰特的总评分已经达到96分，等于詹姆斯在去年版本的评分了。但据芝加哥公牛队后卫德维恩韦德在周四透露，詹姆斯今年的评分已经升到97分。
Now with a ring on his resume, we're guessing Durant isn't quite as bothered as Joel Embiid was by his own rating.
现在履历上多了一枚总冠军戒指，我们猜杜兰特不会像大帝那样为自己的评分而那样苦恼。
Wade, meanwhile, would obviously like to be closer to the level of James, his former teammate. But at least he has a sense of humor about the matter. The same can't be said about a few other veterans who found their virtual selves to be underrated.
韦德，显然也是接近他的前队友詹姆斯那一个级别的球员。但他至少对此事（评分只有84分）很有幽默感，其他一些发现自己虚拟的角色被低估的老兵就不能说出这样的话来。
Meet the Brains Behind the NBA 2K18 Player Ratings
能力值评估过程
As 2K readies the release of NBA 2K18 in mid-September, the company has been methodically revealing player ratings for some of the biggest names in the sport on Twitter, unveilings that have become as anticipated as who's next to perish on Game of Thrones.
NBA2K公司准备在九月中旬发布2K18，而且已经有条不紊地在推特上公布一些最大牌球星的评分，这些球星都是外界预期将会下个赛季NBA权利的游戏中主宰沉浮的人物。
As debates over Kevin Durant's being a 96 or Gordon Hayward's earning an 88 fly every which way, it's all still a little surreal to the man behind the calculations.
关于杜兰特变成96的评分或是海沃德获得88评分的争论飞遍了大街小溪。这所有一切对背后计算的人来说还是有一点超现实。
The NBA lockout ahead of the 2011-12 season not only chopped a handful of games off the regular-season schedule, but it prevented every rookie who was drafted that summer from appearing in NBA 2K.
NBA在2011-2012赛季的停摆不仅切掉了一小撮常规赛比赛，也让那个夏天被选中的新秀无法出现在NBA2K里面。
Frustrated, Stauffer populated each rookie himself, turning his creations into a downloadable roster update available to anyone who played the game. It blew up. Stauffer's rookie class was downloaded hundreds of thousands of times, making enough of a splash for 2K to reach out to him and bring him in for an interview. And that was that.
沮丧的斯托弗让每个新秀都落户于他本人名下，把他的作品变成可被下载，可供任何玩家更新使用。这就炸了。斯托弗的菜鸟班被下载了上千次，这足以让2K的人认识并接触到他，并带他去面试。就是那样！
"We rate all the individual attributes, and whatever we put through our formulas that we constantly tweak gives us an overall value. I'm proud of what the results are. I think we get a pretty accurate representation of how good these players are and their different skill sets."
我们对所有单个的属性进行评估，不管我们放上怎样的公式上去，都会不断微调，从而得到每个球员一个全方位的总值。我们对出来的结果感到很骄傲。我想我们已经很准确地表现出这些球员的实力以及他们不同的技术设定。
"LeBron is rated high, but he need to be better in the game. He's too easy to be guarded," Boyd says. "And as far as constantly underrated? I'd go with Devin Booker."
“勒布朗的评分很高，但他需要在比赛中做得更好。他太容易被防住了。”博伊德说。至于被不断低估？我会跟德文布克一起去。”
How the game treats "specialists" like Tony Allen and Kyle Korver so that their ratings better reflect the value they bring to their respective teams, even if their numerical stats don't. Manning, 2K's community manager, browses Twitter, interacts on 2K's Reddit and fan sites like Operation Sports and then shares influential gamers' ratings opinions with Stauffer.
那游戏是如何评估“专长生”如托尼阿伦跟科沃尔以便评分能更好地反映他们带给各自球队的价值，即使他们的数据统计没有表现出来。2K的社区经理曼宁会浏览推特，在Reddit的2K区，其他的粉丝网站如Opreation Sporrts上跟网友互动，然后跟斯托弗一起分享影响玩家等级的观点。
NBA 2K18 is adding 16 new Classic Teams, read below for the list of Classic Teams and notable players on each team’s roster!
NBA 2K18增加了16支新经典球队，阅读下面列出的经典球队名单和每支球队花名册下的著名球员。
Video game fans got their first look at "NBA 2K18" on Wednesday. The trailer for the newest installment of the popular video game series was dotted with some Sacramento flavor.
游戏的粉丝们在周三第一次看到了“NBA 2k18”。这个受欢迎的最新版电子游戏系列在预告片中点缀了一些萨克拉门托的风味。
On Thursday, Kings fans who will play the game were given a little more reason to be excited.
到周四，国王队的球迷们将会在游戏比赛中有更多的理由感到兴奋。
The 2001-02 Sacramento Kings are heading to NBA2K18 as one of the 16 NEW classic teams ft.
2001-2002赛季的国王队将作为16支新经典球队之一入驻NBA2K18。
This Kings squad was last featured on "NBA 2K13" but Webber was not included. Instead, the game had Scot Pollard as the starting power forward, joining Mike Bibby, Doug Christie, Peja Stojakovic and Vlade Divac.
上次国王队出现在“NBA 2K13"的封面上，但韦伯并不在里面。相反，游戏由斯科特·波拉德作为首发大前锋，加上麦克毕比，道格克里斯蒂、佩贾和迪瓦茨。
更多精彩内容请关注微信公众号、新浪微博：篮球英文堂
On July 25, the Democratic National Convention will begin in Philadelphia, Pa. To commemorate the event and its embrace of corrupt politician Hillary Clinton as the Democratic nominee, Wikileaks is releasing thousands of DNC/Clinton emails.
7月25日，民主党全国大会将在滨州费城启动。为了庆祝这场盛事，也为了显示他们对腐败政客希拉里·克林顿作为民主党提名人的拥戴，维基解密公布了上千封民主党全国委员会和希拉里的电子邮件。
In its recent leak of 20,000 DNC emails from January 2015 to May 2016, DNC staff discuss how to deal with Bernie Sanders’ popularity as a challenge to Clinton’s candidacy. Instead of treating Sanders as a viable candidate for the Democratic ticket, the DNC worked against him and his campaign to ensure Clinton received the nomination.
在其最近从2015年1月到2016年5月解密的2万封DNC邮件中，DNC成员们讨论了如何处理作为希拉里竞选对手的伯尼·桑德斯大受欢迎的现状。他们并没有将桑德斯视为民主党选票的现行候选人，DNC通过阻挠桑德斯以及他的竞选活动来确保希拉里得到提名。
Wondering if there’s a good Bernie narrative for a story, which is that Bernie never ever had his act together, that his campaign was a mess.
我很好奇有没有桑德斯的好料可以拿来讲故事，就是那种说桑德斯的行动从来都没个准星，说他的选举活动一团乱。
Vogel gave me his story ahead of time/before it goes to his editors as long as I didn’t share it. Let me know if you see anything that’s missing and I’ll push back.
Vogel把他的故事提前泄露给我了，是在故事到编辑手里之前给的，说只要我不分享就没问题。如果你们觉得还差什么就跟我说，我会回去要的。
Off the record, you didn’t get this from me. They didn’t send it to us before planting the story.We’re operating in good faith.
这条消息不能对外讲，可别说是我给你的。而他们在炒作之前也并没有把这东西给我们。咱都是对得起良心的正经人。
One email from DNC Deputy Communications Director to several DNC staffers cites two news articles showing Sanders leading in Rhode Island and the limited number of polling locations in the state: “If she outperforms this polling, the Bernie camp will go nuts and allege misconduct. They’ll probably complain regardless, actually.”
一封DNC公共关系副总监写给数名DNC职员的邮件引用了两篇新闻报道，两篇报道显示了桑德斯在罗德岛的领先地位以及该州剩下的为数不多的投票地点：“如果她在这次投票中占上风，桑德斯的竞选团队会不知所措并且预计会采取错误的行为。实际上，他们很可能会不计后果地开始抱怨。”
重点单词
查看全部解释
resolve
[ri'z?lv]
想一想再看
n. 决定之事，决心，坚决
vt. 决定，解决
联想记忆
X
单词resolve 联想记忆：
solve作为词根有溶解和解决两个意思。
arbitration
[.ɑ:bi'trei?n]
想一想再看
n. 仲裁，公断
decision
[di'sin]
想一想再看
n. 决定，决策
supreme
[sju:'pri:m]
想一想再看
adj. 最高的，至上的，极度的
dispute
[di'spju:t]
想一想再看
v. 争论，争议，辩驳，质疑
n. 争论，争吵
联想记忆
X
单词dispute 联想记忆：
dis反+pute认为，思考→过来思考→反驳
assurance
[?'?u?r?ns]
想一想再看
n. 保证，确信，肯定，自信，(人寿)保险
associate
[?'s?u?ieit]
想一想再看
n. 同伴，伙伴，合伙人
n. 准学士学位获得
联想记忆
X
单词associate 联想记忆：
as朝向，soci（同伴，社会）－成为同伴－联合
Consumer and producer prices are still either muted or in deflationary territory in China – but last month marked something of an uptick for each.
中国的全国居民消费价格指数(CPI)和工业生产者出厂价格指数(PPI)仍很温和或处于收缩区间，但上月都出现了些许回升迹象。
Consumer prices rose 2.3 per cent year-on-year, more than expectations of 1.8 per cent. That is the biggest rise since July 2014. They had risen 1.8 per cent in January.
2月CPI同比上涨2.3%，高于预期的1.8%，为2014年7月以来最大涨幅。1月CPI同比上涨1.8%。
Meanwhile producer prices fell 4.9 per cent year-on-year in February, as expected, compared to a 5.3 per cent fall in January. The drop was the smallest in eight months.
另一方面，2月PPI同比下降4.9%，低于1月5.3%的同比降幅。2月PPI降幅为8个月以来最低降幅。
China’s foreign trade contracted much faster than expected last month, the latest sign of weakening global trade and lethargic domestic commodity demand as the country’s economy slows.
2月，中国外贸额下降速度显著快于预期，这一迹象再次表明，在中国经济放缓之际，全球贸易日趋疲弱，中国国内大宗商品需求萎靡不振。
Exports fell 25.4 per cent in February from a year earlier in dollar terms, the worst one-month decline since early 2009 and down from the 11.2 per cent drop in January. Imports fell 13.8 per cent, trimming losses after an 18.8 per cent fall in January.
以美元计，2月出口额同比下降25.4%，为2009年初以来的最大单月降幅，1月的同比降幅为11.2%。进口额同比下降13.8%，较1月18.8%的降幅有所收窄。
The February data partly reflect seasonal distortions related to the lunar new year holiday, which occurred earlier this year than last, raising the base of comparison for February 2015. But combined January and February trade data still show a marked deterioration compared with late 2015, analysts say.
2月数据在一定程度上反映出与春节假期有关的季节性扭曲——与今年相比，去年春节到来得更晚，因此抬高了比较基数。但分析师表示，1月和2月的合计贸易数据依然显示，贸易状况相比2015年底显著恶化。
In an ominous sign for the renminbi, China’s trade surplus narrowed to $32.6bn in February from an all-time high of $63.3bn in January. The merchandise trade surplus — due mainly to falling prices for commodity imports — has been one of the few bright spots in China’s overall balance of payments over the past year, helping to offset unprecedented outflows from investment and the services trade.
2月，中国贸易顺差从1月633亿美元的历史最高纪录收窄至326亿美元，这对人民币来说不是个好兆头。货物贸易顺差——主要由大宗商品进口价格不断下跌导致——是去年中国整体国际收支中为数不多的亮点之一，在一定程度上抵消了投资和服务贸易方面前所未有的资本流出。
There were also signs that inflated import invoices are being used as a cover to convert renminbi to foreign currency and send funds out of China, mainly to Hong Kong. Foreign exchange reserves data released on Monday indicate capital outflow pressure eased in February as the renminbi stabilised, but many companies and investors remain pessimistic about the Chinese currency.
还有迹象表明，企业以虚开进口发票做掩护，把人民币兑换为外币后把资金带到境外，主要是香港。周一公布的外汇储备数据显示，随着人民币汇率企稳，2月的资本外流压力有所减小，但许多企业和投资者仍对人民币前景感到悲观。
Imports from Hong Kong surged by 88.7 per cent in February, even as those from other Asian trading partners such as Taiwan, Singapore and South Korea fell.
2月，中国从香港进口额激增了88.7%，尽管当月从台湾、新加坡和韩国等其他亚洲贸易伙伴的进口额有所下降。
Vale, the world’s biggest iron ore miner, and Fortescue Metals Group have forged an agreement aimed at boosting their competitiveness in the key market of China, and giving the Brazilian company a foothold in the ore-rich Australian Pilbara region.
世界最大铁矿石生产商巴西淡水河谷(Vale)与澳大利亚福蒂斯丘金属集团(Fortescue Metals Group)达成一项协议，该协议的目的是提升二者在中国这个关键市场的竞争力，并为淡水河谷在矿石含量丰富的澳大利亚皮尔巴拉(Pilbara)地区提供一个立足点。
The miners said on Tuesday that they proposed to form one or more joint ventures for blending and distribution of iron ore in China, a move that would ratchet up competition with Anglo-Australian rivals Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton, the number two and three producers of the steelmaking ingredient.
这两家矿商周二表示，它们拟组建一家或多家合资企业，以在中国混合和分销铁矿石。此举将加剧它们与英澳竞争对手力拓(Rio Tinto)及必和必拓(BHP Billiton)的竞争。力拓和必和必拓分别是世界第二大和第三大铁矿石生产企业。铁矿石是炼钢的原料之一。
The agreement, which is the result of year-long negotiations, provides the potential for Brazil-based Vale to buy a minority stake on the market of up to 15 per cent in FMG, the Australian company that is the world’s number four producer of iron ore.
这份耗时一年谈成的协议，为淡水河谷提供了在市场上买入福蒂斯丘至多15%股权的可能性。福蒂斯丘是世界第四大铁矿石生产商。
The memorandum of understanding also provides a framework for potential investment by Vale in current or future mining assets held by FMG, although the terms are non-binding and subject to the approval of both company’s boards and regulators.
这份谅解备忘录还为淡水河谷对福蒂斯丘当前或未来所持的矿业资产展开投资提供了一个框架，尽管协议条款不具约束力、并且还有待两家公司的董事会及监管机构批准。
“We are looking more than 10 years ahead,” said Peter Poppinga, head of Vale's iron ore business. “The memorandum of understanding is one more important step towards optimising Vale’s supply chain, creating new platforms for future mine development and offering a new world-class alternative product to the Chinese steel industry.”
“我们考虑的是未来十多年的事情，”淡水河谷黑色金属业务执行董事彼得?波平加(Peter Poppinga)表示，“这份谅解备忘录朝着优化淡水河谷供应链又迈出了重要一步，为未来的矿业发展创造了新平台，并向中国钢铁业提供了一种新的世界级的替代产品。”
Blending of different grades of iron ore can produce a mix that is better suited to use in blast furnaces than the product of a single company's mines. FMG produces ore that is comparatively low in iron content and therefore usually sold at a discount to the main iron ore benchmark price.
把不同品级的铁矿石混合到一起，可以形成比某一家公司生产的矿石更适合在高炉中使用的混合物。福蒂斯丘生产的矿石含铁量相对较低，因而其售价往往低于主要的铁矿石基准价格。
Property prices in China fell at a record pace in February, underscoring the slowdown in the world's second largest economy.
中国2月房价跌幅达到创纪录水平，突显这个全球第二大经济体增速放缓。
Prices fell 5.7 per cent year-on-year last month, based on calculations by Reuters from official data published by China's National Bureau of Statistics. In January, they had deflated at a pace of 5.1 per cent.
根据路透社(Reuters)对中国国家统计局(NBS)公布的官方数据的计算，中国2月房价同比下跌5.7%。1月跌幅为5.1%。
Prices have cooled in recent months as the economy slows. Over the weekend Chinese policymakers set out a new GDP growth target of "around 7 per cent" this year, but Premier Li Keqiang admitted "it will by no means be easy for us to reach this target." Many mid-sized Chinese cities also suffer from a glut of supply.
由于中国经济放缓，近月来房价一直在降温。上周末，中国政策制定者将今年的国内生产总值(GDP)增速目标确定为“7%左右”，但国务院总理李克强承认，“要实现目标并不容易”。中国很多中等城市还出现供应过剩问题。
Prices fell in 69 of the 70 cities tracked. In Beijing they fell 3.6 per cent year-on-year, versus a 3.2 per cent in January. In Shanghai prices slipped 4.7 per cent, from 4.2 per cent in January.
在国家统计局跟踪的70个大中城市中，有69个城市的房价2月同比下跌。北京房价同比下跌3.6%，1月跌幅为3.2%。上海房价同比下跌4.7%，1月跌幅为4.2%。
Chinese business sentiment declined again in February, setting a downbeat tone for 2016 as production fell to its lowest level in two years.
2月份中国企业信心继续下降，产量降至两年来最低水平，为2016年定下了一个悲观的基调。
The MNI China Business Indicator fell to 49.9 in February from 52.3 in January – below the 50 threshold needed to indicate optimists outnumber pessimists.
2月份，MNI中国企业信心指数(MNI China Business Indicator)从1月份的52.3降至49.9，低于50这一阈值，50及以上表明企业情绪乐观。
The survey, which questions 200 companies listed on the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges, said production fell to the extent that it wiped out a small gain made last month, and was at the lowest level since February 2014. New orders were at their lowest since August 2012.
该指数调查了在沪深股市上市的200家企业，表示2月份产量下滑幅度抵消了上一个月的小幅增长，且降至2014年2月以来最低水平。新订单处于2012年8月以来最低水平。
Surprisingly there are still some glass-half-full types making their voices heard: the ‘future expectations’ component of the survey rose 1 per cent to 53.1. It relates to expectations over the coming three months.
令人惊讶的是仍有某些分项指标表现出乐观态度，该调查中“未来展望”的部分上升1%至53.1，它涉及对未来3个月的预期。
Philip Uglow, chief economist of MNI Indicators, added: The absence of the usual monthly indicators of economic activity make judging the trajectory of the Chinese economy difficult over the Lunar New Year holiday.
MNI指数(MNI Indicators)首席经济学家菲利普萠格洛(Philip Uglow)表示：由于缺乏经济活动的一般月度指标，因此很难对春节期间中国经济的轨迹作出判断。
From a business sentiment standpoint the theme is more of the same; conditions remain subdued as companies weigh a more supportive policy environment with market volatility. The significant fall in activity measures suggests that we’re unlikely to see a jump in economic activity over the festive period.
从企业信心角度来看基调大致相同：企业在考虑，更具支持性的政策环境与市场的波动，哪个会给自己带来更大的影响，因此活动情况依然低迷。产量的显著下降表明，春节期间的经济活动不太可能出现猛增。
China’s official gauge of manufacturing activity for February suffered its largest drop since 2011, an unexpectedly sharp slowdown that left it near the zero-growth level.
2月份，中国官方衡量制造业活动的指数出现2011年以来最大幅度的下降，制造业活动的放缓幅度之大出乎人们的意料，其扩张近乎为零。
The manufacturing purchasing managers’ index published by China’s National Bureau of Statistics fell to 50.3, down a point from January and the largest fall in more than six years. The fall marked the gauge’s nearest brush with the 50-point mark that separates growth from contraction since August 2016.
中国国家统计局公布的制造业采购经理人指数(PMI)降至50.3%，比1月份低了1个百分点，降幅为6年多来最大。此次下降是该指数自2016年8月以来最接近50%枯荣线的一次。
A median forecast from economists polled by Reuters had predicted only a fractional slowdown: none of the 28 forecasts for February had pencilled in a reading below 51 for the gauge, which is based on a survey of larger and predominantly state-run companies.
路透社(Reuters)调查的经济学家给出的预测中值是，该指数只会小幅下降。在对2月份制造业PMI的28个预测当中，没有一个认为该指数会低于51%。该指数是基于对大中型且主要为国有的企业的调查得出的。
China’s statistics bureau on Wednesday attributed the slowdown to the lunar new year holiday, when migrant workers return to their home villages and output typically dips. In 2017 the holiday stretched from the end of January through early February, while this year’s holiday fell entirely in February, making for an unfavourable comparison.
周三，中国国家统计局将此次下降归因于春节假期，其间外出务工人员返乡、产出一般都会下降。2017年的春节假期是从1月底到2月初，而今年的假期完全落在2月份，不利于比较。
However, the downward move was outsized for the usually incremental series, making it the sharpest fall since a 1.4 point drop in late 2011 that pushed the gauge into contractionary territory.
但对近来一般都在逐步上升的该指数来说，此次下降的幅度实在太大，降幅是自2011年底以来最大的。2011年底时该指数下降了1.4个百分点，降入荣枯线下方。
“The lower PMI readings for February may be partly due to Chinese new year, since seasonal adjustments may not fully iron out the impact in year-to-year shifts in the timing of the holiday,” said Julian Evans-Pritchard, senior China economist at Capital Economics. “But even if we account for such volatility by averaging across the first two months of the year, the data still point to a clear slowdown in early 2018.”
凯投宏观(Capital Economics)高级中国经济学家朱利安?埃文斯-普里查德(Julian Evans-Pritchard)表示：“春节可能是2月份PMI读数走低的部分原因，因为季节性调整可能无法完全熨平春节假期时间点的年度变化带来的影响。但是，即使我们通过求今年头两个月的均值来计入这种波动，数据仍显示出2018年开年出现明显放缓。”
Betty Wang, senior China economist for ANZ, suggested authorities’ crackdown on heavy polluters “also played an important role in dampening the headline numbers on top of the holiday effect”. But she added that while the drive’s impact on manufacturing activity would probably last for another couple of months, it was unlikely to have an impact on policy direction.
澳新银行(ANZ)高级中国经济学家王蕊(Betty Wang)表示，除了假期的影响，有关部门对严重污染企业的整顿也对推低PMI起到了重要作用。但她同时表示，虽然整顿举措对制造业活动的影响可能还会再持续几个月，但它不可能对政策方向产生影响。
China's services sector strengthened by a fraction in February, according to HSBC.
根据汇丰银行(HSBC)开展的调查，2月份中国服务业活动的扩张幅度略有增长。
The monthly purchasing managers' index for the services sector was 52, a slight increase from the six-month low of 51.8 in January. Any level above 50 reflects growth in the survey by HSBC and compiled by Markit.
该月服务业采购经理人指数(PMI)读数为52，略高于1月份51.8的6个月低点。这一指数由汇丰银行和Markit共同编制，该指数高于50，表示相关产业处于扩张之中。
The lacklustre readings indicate softening demand in the world's second largest economy but HSBC said there was "anecdotal evidence" of new projects and strong client demand.
这一读数的低迷，显示这个全球第二大经济体的需求处于疲软状态。不过，汇丰银行表示，“坊间有证据”称新的项目正在上马、客户需求十分强劲。
Annabel Fiddes, economist at Markit, added:“The latest PMI data signalled that China's service sector remained in expansionary territory in February, though the rate of growth remained modest. However, the solid rise in new orders suggests that activity growth may pick up in the months ahead, as firms continued to add to their payroll numbers amid a positive business outlook. ”
Markit经济学家安娜贝尔?菲德斯(Annabel Fiddes)补充说：“最新PMI数据显示，2月份中国服务业依然处于扩张区间——尽管其增长幅度依然很低。不过，新订单的强劲增长，意味着今后几个月服务业活动的增长幅度或将扩大，原因是在积极的商业前景下，企业会继续招揽更多员工。”
HSBC also released its composite PMI for February, combining the results for both manufacturing and services. This rose to 51.8 in February, up from 51 in January, marking a five month high.
此外，汇丰银行还发布了将制造业和服务业PMI指数相结合的2月份综合PMI指数。2月份该指数从1月份的51上升至51.8，这是5个月内的最高点。
The annual "3.15" gala produced by China Central Television lifted its curtain on Wednesday to mark World Consumer Rights Day.
3月15日是世界消费者权益日，央视3.15晚会当天拉开帷幕。
With undercover reports, the gala exposed cases in which many companies and brands have violated consumers' rights.
晚会通过暗中走访曝光了多家侵犯消费者权益的企业和品牌。
Here are the highlights from the gala:
下面是晚会的重点：
Foods from Japan's radiation-affected area
日本核辐射地区食品流入我国
Radiation has continued to affect products from Japan's Fukushima and the nearby areas six years after the massive earthquake and the tsunami hit the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in 2011.
2011年，日本福岛核电站遭到大地震和海啸的破坏，此后6年来福岛及其周边地区生产的产品一直受到核辐射影响。
Foods from Japan's high radiation-affected areas were found in the Chinese market. These products were sold in several stores, including some large Chinese e-commerce platforms, Muji stores, and Aeon stores.
我国市场上出现了一些源自日本严重核污染地区的食品。这些产品在无印良品、永旺超市以及国内几家大型电商平台上都有销售。
Some retailers hid the origin of the product by using vague labels. For instance, a product made in the Tokyo prefecture was found in Muji with a new label stating "made in Japan" on its package. However, China has banned imports of food from the area.
有的零售商用含糊其辞的标签隐藏了产品的原产地。例如，无印良品将写着“日本制造”的新标签贴在一款产地为日本东京都的产品的外包装上。然而，我国已经禁止从该地区进口食品。
Over 13,000 online shops were suspected of selling the contaminated foods, and local authorities have worked to prevent the radiation-affected goods from flowing into the Chinese market.
超过13000家网上商店涉嫌销售核污染食品，地方政府已经力图阻止受核辐射影响的食品流入我国市场。
Misleading promotion by Nike
耐克虚假营销
Nike, one of the largest sports brands in the world, was found to have used misleading promotions. Consumers found shoes did not contain the air cushion claimed in an advertisement.
全球最大体育品牌之一耐克存在虚假营销。消费者发现其运动鞋中并没有广告中声称的气垫。
Local authorities in Shanghai have rushed to the headquarters of Nike in Shanghai and further investigation is underway.
上海市有关单位已迅速前往上海耐克总部展开进一步调查。
Fake Wikipedia with false advertising
山寨版维基百科发布虚假广告
Hudong Baike, an online knowledge-sharing platform which claims to be the largest Chinese website of its kind, was accused of false advertising. Any product can be verified on the website by paying 4,800 yuan (700 US dollars), without any other requirements.
互动百科号称是最大的中文在线知识共享平台。该网站被指发布虚假广告。无需任何其他条件，只需支付4800元人民币，所有产品均可在该网站上获得认证。
A patient with liver cancer found a verified item showing a "magic" medicine on the website, which could kill the cancer cell within seven days. However, the medicine was not even registered at the State Food and Drug Administration.
一位肝癌患者在互动百科上发现了一款“疗效神奇”的药品认证词条，该药品可以在七天内杀死癌细胞。然而，该产品甚至没有在国家食品药品监督管理局进行注册。
The gala also revealed several cases which violated consumers' rights, such as putting illegal additives into animal feed, unlicensed maternity matrons and stealing consumers' data via QR codes.
3.15晚会还曝光了其他几个侵犯消费者权益的案例，比如，在动物饲料中使用非法添加剂、月嫂无证上岗以及通过二维码盗取消费者信息等。
When measured against other smartphones, the average price of Apple's iPhone already makes it a luxury item in most Asian countries.
就其平均价格和其他智能手机相比，在多数亚洲国家，苹果公司(Apple Inc., AAPL)的iPhone手机本身已经就是款奢侈品了。
But that hasn't stopped designers from offering even more extravagant iPhone cases with eye-popping price tags.
尽管如此，设计师们还是不断推出越来越奢华，价格愈加令人瞠目的iPhone手机外壳。
The latest entry is the Koku, a bedazzled case for the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5S, which comes in both silver and gold varieties. The gold case is fitted out with more than 200 diamonds and sells for 3,776,000 Japanese yen, or more than $38,500.
最新上市的Koku，是一款专为iPhone 5和iPhone 5S制作的系列手机外壳，分金、银两款，造型眼花缭乱。其中金款镶有200多颗 石，售价3,776,000日圆，约合逾38,500美元。
Though the cases are currently sold only in Japan, the president of the Japanese jewelry company that makes them says he hopes to start selling them it world-wide.
尽管这些外壳目前只能在日本买到，但制作该产品的日本珠宝公司──秋山国际株式会社(Akiyama International Co.,简称：秋山国际)的总裁秋山酉太郎(Yutaro Akiyama)表示，希望开始面向全球发售。
'Since iPhone is marketed globally, we'd like to promote these outside Japan as well in future,' Yutaro Akiyama, of Akiyama Co., told the Journal.
他对本报记者说道，苹果手机布局全球市场，因此我们也希望在未来将产品推广到日本以外的国家。
So, what makes the Koku so expensive? We broke down the cost.
那么Koku手机外壳何以如此昂贵？让我们来看看它的制作成本。
Who Makes It: Japanese jeweler Akiyama and mobile phone company Phonet, both based in Yamanashi prefecture, teamed up on the Koku. Akiyama usually makes wearable women's accessories such as earrings, bracelets and pendants, while Phonet runs a dozen stores in Yamanashi.
由谁推出：总部位于山梨县的秋山国际和移动手机公司Phonet Co.共同完成Koku的设计工作。秋山国际实际上是一家主要经营耳环、手镯、挂坠等女性饰品的公司，而Phonet在山梨县拥有十二家手机门店。
What It's Made of: The gold iPhone case is made of 18-carat yellow gold studded with 207 diamonds weighing 1.71 carats in total. The less expensive version is made with silver and cubic zirconias, bringing the price down to a still-pricey 377,600 yen.
由何制成：金款iPhone手机外壳由18K黄金制成，表面镶有207颗总重1.71克拉的 石。银款外壳由银和合成锆石制成，售价虽较金款外壳低，但仍高达377,600日圆。
Craftmanship & Design: Koku means 'time,' and the back of the case features a design of a clock face set against the outline of a solitaire-diamond ring. Above the XII symbol is a silhouette of Mount Fuji, Japan's tallest peak, whose height -- 3,776 meters -- inspired the product's aspirational price tag.
工艺/设计：Koku在日语中意为“时间”，外壳的背面图案是一枚时钟表盘模样的指环，上面用镶 勾勒出 石的外形。表盘12点位置的上方则呈现以日本最高峰──富士山的形貌，该产品的价格正是由山的海拔──3776米得来。
How It's Made: The case was 'extremely difficult' to manufacture because the materials tended to shrink or lose their sheen during the casting process, said Mr. Akiyama.
生产过程：秋山称，该外壳的生产工艺“极其精细”，因为在铸造的过程中要确保材料不会收缩或失去光泽。
Exclusivity: Available only by order, only 15 gold and 15 silver cases will be produced and are targeted toward wealthy women in their 40s and 50s. According to Mr. Akiyama, the company has received one order for the silver version so far, but none have been placed for the gold one yet.
独特性：产品只接受定制，公司计划生产金款、银款各15件，并将目标客户群定位在40至50岁、富有的女性消费者。据秋山称，公司目前已经收到一份银款手机外壳的订单，尚未有人预定金款。
Have you ever wondered what it’s like to treat yourself to a $600 meal at one of the world’s best restaurants? While clearly no substitute for the real thing (the crucial senses of taste and smell cannot be replicated over the internet… yet), Imgur user Hoptail has allowed us to eat vicariously through her graphic descriptions and photos from a restaurant in San Francisco.
你有没有想过，在世界上最好的餐厅之一享用一顿600美金的晚餐是什么感觉？社交网友hoptail对自己在旧金山享用的一顿奢华晚餐做了绘声绘色的描述并上传了许多照片，虽然不能代替实物（味觉和嗅觉的细致感受还不能在网络上复制……到目前为止），但我们可以借此聊以感受一番啦。
Taking us on a mouthwatering tour of the meal, which included an astonishing array of courses, Hoptail manages to convey her fine dining experience beautifully and without a hint of the snobbish tone usually reserved for such reviews.
Hoptail对这餐极其丰盛的晚餐进行了描述，带我们进行了一番令人口水汪洋的美味之旅。她对这番馔享的描绘尽善尽美，而且完全不带一般美食评论常有的势力腔调。
“The most heavenly tea I’ve ever had in my life. Each little bushel had douglas fir, yarrow, chamomile, lemon balm, anise and hyssop all picked fresh from the restaurant farm and steeped in hot meyer lemon water”
每一次啜饮都能品尝到从餐厅茶场里新鲜采摘的花旗松、蓍草、甘菊，柠檬草，茴芹，牛膝草等香料渗透在热番柠檬水里的味道。
“Up next, baby spinach, roasted kelp cooked in clarified butter (compliments of their jersey cow Bella) and topped with caviar”
“接下来是菠菜芽拌烤海带，无水黄油烹制（无水黄油是餐厅的泽西奶牛贝拉产的奶做的），最后点缀以鱼子酱。”
“Turbot fish – 2 ways. Sashimi was amazing. The second preparation was grilled with a light soy glaze. Came with little heirloom tomatoes and some sort of deepfried flower”
两种不同做法的大比目鱼。生鱼片味道非常好。 第二道比目鱼是拌有大豆釉的烤鱼。小巧的纯种番茄和油炸花作为盘饰。
“A Geoduck. If you’ve never heard of them before, Google it. They are freaky looking. Honestly, it wasn’t that good. Just kind of chewy and the marinade was super overwhelming I couldn’t actually taste the meat”
“一盘象拔蚌。我从没吃过这种肉。这种生物模样很吓人。坦率的说味道并不怎么好。肉质很有嚼劲，腌渍汁的味道很大，我几乎吃不出肉质本身的味道。”
“This was, hands down, my favourite course. Fresh sea urchin on grilled bread that was basted in a sauce made of the off-cuts of the bread. It was SUPER creamy.. like the butter of the sea. So amazingly fresh and the sauce in the bread was incredible”
隆重介绍一下，这是我最喜欢的一道菜。新鲜的海胆卧在饱沾着酱汁的面包上，酱汁是用面包的边角余料做成的。海胆质地绵软口感醇厚……就像大海里的奶油。质地超级新鲜，面包里的酱汁好吃得不可思议。
“That’s sliced radish on top (again from their farm) with Bella’s clarified butter”
这盘菜上层是萝卜片（还是产自他们自营的农场）与奶牛贝拉产的无水奶油。
“Underneath there was a sort of radish jelly vinegar reduction, the radish tops and cubes of marinated radish. It was super fresh and tart and a really good transition from the richness of the previous course”
下层是黑醋汁腌果冻萝卜，拌有萝卜缨子和腌萝卜小方块。口感非常新鲜。让味觉实现从上一道菜的馥郁口感的完美过渡。
“This is roasted pumpkin – 3 ways. The first to the left is kind of like agedashi tofu except it’s torn roast pumpkin topped with octopus flakes”
“这是一道烤南瓜——用三种方法烹制。左边的第一道有点像日式炸豆腐，其实它是烤碎南瓜，缀以章鱼碎末。”
“Second preparation was pumpkin hung over their in-house fire and slow roasted for like 8 hours with a buttermilk cream. Caramelisation was incredible”
“第二道南瓜是用餐厅里的室内烤炉文火慢烤足足8小时制成的烤南瓜，伴有脱脂奶油作为配料。表面的焦糖非常好吃。”
“Not sure about this one. Pumpkin puree in cold-pressed pumpkin seed oil. It felt like it was kind of added as an afterthought and was way too salty. I’m not even sure how I was supposed to eat it”
这道菜有点难以评价。南瓜酱加上冷榨的南瓜籽油。让人感觉这是一道临时添加的菜肴，而且口感很咸。我甚至不能决定我是不是要吃掉它。
“This is antelope . It came with stuffed radicchio, herb salad and really nice biscuits and honey butter that tasted like pancakes”
“这是羚羊肉。配菜是填料菊苣菜，蔬菜沙拉，很好吃的饼干和蜂蜜黄油，尝起来有点像煎饼。”
“It was well-seasoned and had the texture of a cross between venison and beef and was perfectly medium-rare"
味道调制得非常好。质地介于鹿肉和牛肉之间，五成熟的火候把握非常精到。
“Antelope bone broth with sage. It was actually really nice, but I needed to move on from Bambi’s relatives”
“羚羊骨汤与鼠尾草。味道很好，不过我不能再吃小鹿斑比的近亲啦。”
“This is smoked ice cream. Don’t ask me the science behind how one smokes ice cream – but it’s got something to do incorporating exotic wood embers into the cream. So incredible though, and came with life-changing salted caramel”
“这是烟熏冰淇淋。不要问我烟熏冰淇淋的科学原理是怎样的——似乎是将某种奇异的草木灰放入了冰淇淋里。尽管如此，还是令人叹服，还配有美味绝伦的咸焦糖。”
“Accompanying assortment of candied toppings (walnuts, peanuts, cacao nibs and pine nuts)”
“还备有各种口味的糖果装饰配料（核桃，花生，可可豆瓣，松子仁等等）”
“Dessert, yes. The best part. Praise Jesus, my palette has been blessed. Amen”
“没错，这是甜点。感谢上帝，这色调多么像调色盘里的颜色！”
“Orange buttermilk creamsicle”
“白脱奶昔橙子”
“Super smooth, really creamy and had hidden segments of candied oranges at the bottom”
“口感非常柔滑，质地醇厚，里面还藏着糖腌橘子瓣。”
“Blueberry sorbet on top of brandy macerated blueberries. Topped with more brandy. Good if you like brandy. ”
“蓝莓雪葩，下面是白兰地腌蓝莓，浇头也是白兰地。如果你喜欢喝白兰地酒的话一定会喜欢这道甜点。”
“The Saison “Snickers” bar. This is an off-menu item that comes if you befriend the right waiter. Some sort of dark chocolate and nut brownie base, salted caramel centre, chocolate ganache and topped with 24K gold”
赛松‘士力架’巧克力棒。这是一道不在菜单上的菜，如果你能跟合适的服务员交上朋友就能吃到它。底部是黑巧克力和坚果布朗尼巧克力，中间是咸焦糖，巧克力软泥夹心，最上面是一片24K的金箔。
“Honestly, this was an awesome experience and, for me, well worth the money”
“诚然这顿饭是一番美妙的享受，对我而言物有所值。”
During your first years in the workforce, you can expect to have a huge learning curve – not just about the details of your job, but about broader issues of how to manage your career and operate successfully in an office. How do you deal with difficult co-workers? Figure out if you're paid fairly? Understand what HR's convoluted memos mean?
当你还是职场小白时，一定有许多需要学习之处。你不仅要学习本职工作的点滴细节，还要把目光放宽放广，比如学会如何管理职业生涯并胜任工作，如何与不合群的同事相处，打听工资是否合理，读懂人力资源上司晦涩难懂的暗示。
You'll keep mastering work skills throughout your career, but here are 10 key things that you should make sure you know about work by the time you're 30.
你将在职业生涯中不断掌握工作技能，但请确保你在30岁时领会了以下10条宝贵的工作建议。
How to talk to people much more senior than you. It's pretty common to be intimidated by company higher-ups or industry experts when you're just starting out in your career. But if you let yourself stay intimidated, it will keep you from forming relationships and gaining visibility with decision-makers, and that can hold you back professionally. Don't be shy about chatting with higher-ups or sharing your ideas when appropriate. The more you act like a colleague (which you are), the more you'll be seen that way.
如何与上级交谈。初入职场时，被公司上级或行业专家的气场所震慑是再正常不过的事。但如果你只是任凭自己被震慑而不敢向前，那么你将失去和决策者们建立人际关系、并在他们面前刷存在感的机会，而这无疑会阻碍的你的事业发展。大胆一些，在合适的情况下不要害怕与上级交谈或分享你的想法。你的举止越是像同事（其实你的确是），上级就越能同样看待你。
How to respond to critical feedback. Being able to listen to feedback about your work with an open mind is enormously important, because feedback is one of the most direct ways to get better at what you do. If you respond defensively or shut down, you'll prevent yourself from hearing important information, lose points with your boss and maybe even make it less likely that you'll hear information that could help you in the future. Instead, listen with an open mind and respond with something like, "This is really useful to hear," or "I appreciate you sharing this with me." If you can't stomach those, try, "I want to take some time to think about this, but I appreciate you telling me."
如何回应批判性反馈。怀着虚心的态度聆听别人对你的工作反馈十分重要，因为反馈是让你在工作中不断进步的最直接途径之一。如果你消极回应或直接拒绝回应，你将丢失重要信息，在上司那里失分，甚至也更不可能获得今后对你大有裨益的信息。所以反之，你需要带着虚心的态度聆听，以类似“听君一席话，胜读十年书”或“很感谢你的反馈”这样的言辞作为回应。如果一时接受不了这些反馈，试着告诉对方“给我一点时间思考这个问题，还是很感谢你的反馈。”
How to negotiate salary when you get a job offer. People sometimes worry that they have to lay out an air-tight case when asking for more money, but it doesn't always have to be a long speech with evidence about your worth. More often than not, you can simply say "I was hoping you could go up to X amount. Is that possible?" or "Do you have any flexibility on the salary? I was hoping for X."
得到工作机会时如何协商薪资。许多时候人们总是担心在要求加薪时得策划一份缜密的方案，但你真没必要对自己的价值大摆事实发表长篇大论。通常情况下，你只需要说“我希望您能把我的工资涨到X，这样可以吗？”或是“工资还有协商的余地吗？我的理想工资是X。”
How to figure out the market rate for your work. This can include asking other people in your field for their opinion, checking with professional organizations in your industry, looking at similar positions on online job boards to see if salary ranges are listed and talking to recruiters in your field – always making sure that you're factoring in your geographic area, which can have a big impact on the numbers.
如何弄清自己工作薪资的市场行情。具体方式包括：询问其他从事该领域工作人员的意见，咨询行业内专业组织，在网上求职平台查找类似职位的薪资区间，和该领域招聘人员交谈。你要确保以自身所处地理位置为前提，这会对该职位薪资的市场行情有重要影响。
How to run a meeting. If you lose control of your meetings, let conversation spiral in any direction and don't start or finish on time, people will quickly begin dreading attending any meetings you're running. Instead, always have an agenda, be clear about what outcomes you're aiming for, be willing to redirect the conversation when needed, take your starting and ending times seriously and make sure everyone is clear on next steps before you wrap up. People will be far less likely to "miss seeing" your meeting invites when you do this.
如何主持会议。如果你无法掌控自己主持的会议，放任谈话内容朝四面八方飞散，召开和结束会议的时间都不准时，那么你的同事很快就不再会出席任何你主持的会议了。相反，你需要备有议程表，清楚会议应该取得的成果，在需要时主动把话题引回正轨，按时召开并结束会议，确保会议圆满结束之前每个参与者都清楚下一步行动。如果你能做到这些，同事们就不大可能在你的会议上“缺席”了。
How to have a difficult conversation. Whether it's asking your co-worker to turn down their music, telling your boss you're quitting or letting an employee go, you're going to have tough conversations over the course of your career. Your life will be much better if you get comfortable with being straightforward. That doesn't mean rude, of course; you can be direct and kind at the same time, but you do need to assert yourself and get comfortable with difficult topics. Speaking of direct ...
如何应对尴尬的谈话。不论是让同事把音乐声关小，告诉老板要辞职还是让员工走人，这些都是你在职业生涯中会经历的尴尬场面。如果你可以坦然直言，那你的生活会轻松许多。当然直言并不意味着粗鲁，因为你可以在直接表达自身想法的时候，也表现自己善良真诚的一面。但是你要坚持自己的立场，面对这些尴尬的话题也能泰然自若。直言……
How to stand up for yourself politely and professionally. There may be times when your employer does something that you need to push back on – for example, offering you a promotion with significantly more responsibility but no raise, expecting you to work unreasonable hours for months on end or violating a labor law. In these cases, it's key to know how to professionally advocate for yourself. Usually that means being assertive but not aggressive, calmly explaining the issue and being direct about what you need. For example: "I'm happy to pitch in when needed, but this schedule has me working seven days a week for the next month with only two days off. I'm not able to do that because of commitments outside of work, so let's talk about how else we can structure this."
如何礼貌而又专业地维护自己。有时候面对老板的某些作为，你需要加以推辞，例如，给你升职，但是只增加了更多的工作职责，却没有加薪，希望你数月连续加班或违反劳动合同法等。在这些情况下，最关键的是要知道如何有理有据的维护自己。通常情况下，这意味着你必须义正言辞地维护自己的权益，但又不能带有攻击性，你要冷静地给出自己的解释并坦言自己的需求。例如，你可以这么说：“当公司确实需要我的时候我愿意赴汤蹈火，但下个月每周工作七天，月休两天的不合理安排，实在让我没法接受，因为这超出了我的工作责任范围，所以让我们谈谈如何更改一下这样的日程安排吧。”
What you're good at and what you're not so good at. Early in your career, it's pretty normal not to have a well-refined sense of where you shine and where you don't. But if you've been working for most of your 20s, by the end of them you should have fairly nuanced information about what you're better at than others, what you're much better at than others, what you want to work on improving in and what you should probably avoid altogether.
明确你工作中的强项和弱项。在你职业生涯的初期，你可能无法准确判断自己的闪光点以及弱势，这都很正常。但是如果你已经工作到快奔三的年龄，那就应该清楚地知道自己在哪些方面比较擅长，哪些方面尤其具备优势，哪方面还需提升，以及哪方面则完全需要敬而远之。
What to do when you make a mistake. At some point, you're going to make a mistake at work because you're human. When you do, how you handle it will often matter more than the mistake itself. The key is to take responsibility for what happened; don't make excuses or be defensive. Let your boss know what happened and – this is crucial – how you plan to ensure it doesn't happen again. If you do that, you'll have proactively addressed what your manager probably cares about most and he or she is less likely to impress the seriousness of the mistake on you.
如何处理自己所犯的错误。人非圣贤，孰能无过，所以有时在工作中，你也难免会犯错。当你犯错后，重要的是如何解决问题而非纠结于错误本身；你要为自己所犯的错误承担责任，而不是找借口为自己辩护。你要跟老板坦白自己的过错，这点也很关键；此外，你还需要跟老板保证下不为例。以上都是当你犯错后，老板最在意的方面，如果这些你都能积极主动地做到，那么老板很可能就不那么在意错误本身的严重性。
Your reputation matters. Your reputation for doing great work and being easy to work with is what will give you more and more professional options over time. It's what will let you avoid bad jobs and bad bosses and what will give you a safety net when you need to leave a job quickly or find a new one across the country. That means that it's not worth doing things like leaving a job without notice or telling off your boss, and it's worth it to go above and beyond to build a reputation for excelling.
你的声誉很重要。假如你有这样的声誉--能做大事，同你一起工作轻松而又愉快，那么在你往后的职业生涯中，会因此获得越来越多的职业选择。这样的声誉会让你避开糟糕的工作和老板，而且，在你马上要离职或需要在国内找到一份新工作时，它还会成为你的后盾。拥有这意味着，不要做些不值当的事，例如离职时不告知你的老板或不辞而别。追求突破，努力树立自己的良好声望才是最值得的事。
China's annual consumer rights day TV show took aim at online food delivery apps, faked online sales and dodgy false teeth when it aired late on Tuesday, but the much-hyped program unusually failed to snag any major international firms.
一年一度的中国消费者权益日电视晚会在周二播出，并将矛头指向了网络送餐应用，虚假在线销售，假牙制造等。但是这一大肆宣传的栏目这次却一反常态的未能抓住任何国际大公司的把柄。
The show, similar to the CBS network's "60 Minutes" in the United States, has previously aimed barbs at companies from Apple Inc to Volkswagen AG, and can leave global corporations and their press teams scrambling to respond to allegations after seeing their companies named and shamed.
这一节目有些类似美国CBS的“60分钟”，此前曾揭露过苹果公司、大众公司等。而在看到公司被点名批评后，这也会促使这些全球企业和他们的新闻团队争先恐后地回应指控。
But in an unusually low-key outing, the show's highest-profile target was food delivery app Ele.me. The food-ordering platform Ele.me was accused of partnering with unlicensed restaurants, mostly home kitchens, with poor sanitary conditions. The website also allegedly allowed restaurants to post false pictures and addresses that could mislead customers.
但是在本次不寻常的低调曝光中，该节目瞄准的最高知名度目标是网络送餐应用“饿了么”。订餐平台“饿了么”被指与多家无证经营的餐馆合作。这些餐馆大多是卫生条件差的家庭式作坊。据称，该网站还允许商家上传虚假照片、虚构地址，误导消费者。
Ele.me, which has investment from firms such as Tencent Holdings Ltd and JD.com Inc, said in a statement on its official microblog it took the issue seriously and had removed the offending restaurants from its platform.
由腾讯控股有限公司和京东公司联合投资的“饿了么”，在其官方微博上的一则声明中表示，该公司已高度重视此事，并下线相关涉事餐厅。
All 3,400 passengers decided to collectively protest the installation of the THAAD missile defense system by not setting foot on the South Korean resort island of Jeju, Shanghaiist reports.
据上海人网站报道，日前一艘国际邮轮抵达韩国济州岛时，船上3400名游客集体拒绝下船，以此来抵制韩国部署萨德的行为。
For Seoul, the U.S.-backed THAAD missile defense system is a necessary tool to help defend itself from a missile threat from Pyongyang. Beijing, for its part, sees the structure as a threat to its own national security.
对于韩国来说，部署美国支持的萨德反导系统，是对抗来自朝鲜导弹威胁的必要措施。就中国而言，萨德的部署无疑对国内安全造成了严重威胁。
Tour guides with 80 tour buses were left waiting on the island that was previously a favorite Chinese tourist destination.
在此事件之前，济州岛是很多中国游客向往的旅游地点。现如今，码头上虽有80余台观光大巴在等候，但却无一人下船。
South Korean customs officials and even the Costa Serena cruise ship's captain were surprised by the action.
韩国海关人员以及科斯塔塞雷娜游轮的船长对此举动也感到颇为震惊。
For four hours, the Chinese tourists remained idle before the ship went on to their next destination: Tianjin.
拒下游轮期间，船上的中国游客始终待在船上。四个小时之后，游轮发动，开往下一站--天津。
The travelers were reportedly on a reward trip organized by a Chinese company. The ship had earlier departed from Fukuoka in Japan before arriving at Jeju.
据悉，这些游客全部来自中国一家企业组织的奖励观光团。该游轮在到达济州岛之前，是从日本福冈出发的。
Netizens applauded the supposedly "patriotic gesture." A widely thumbed up Weibo comment read: "When the Chinese people stand up together, it is a formidable sight."
网友们纷纷为游客们的爱国行为拍手称赞。一条点赞数最高的微博这样写道：“中国人一旦团结起来是非常可怕的。”
Following the incident, the Italian cruise ship firm also canceled two other Jeju stops scheduled in the middle of March to the end of June.
此事之后，意大利的一家邮轮公司也取消了两次济州岛停靠，其行程时间预计在三月中旬到六月底。
So far, there have been 26 canceled visits in total, which is equivalent to 120,000 Chinese tourists not traveling to the island this year.
到目前为止，该游轮公司在济州岛的停靠计划全部取消，总班次为26次，相当于给济州岛少带来了12万人次的中国游客。
Other cruise ship companies have also followed suit, with Royal Caribbean Cruises and Carnival Corp's Costa Cruises and Princess Cruises cutting their stops at all South Korean ports.
其他诸如 皇家加勒比邮轮、嘉年华集团科斯塔邮轮、公主邮轮等邮轮公司也都已经取消了韩国港口的停靠。
Japanese workers are being given schedules dictating when they can get married or give birth, it has been revealed.
媒体近日曝出，日本企业给员工制定了结婚或生小孩的时间表。
The disturbing trend first came to light after a nursery worker's husband spoke out to say his wife was being bullied by her boss for getting pregnant 'out of turn'.
这种令人不安的风气被曝光是因为最近有一名保育员的丈夫站出来直言，称自己的妻子因为“不按顺序”怀孕而遭到上司欺凌。
Since then dozens of other women have come forward to share similar stories, with one 26-year-old woman saying she was told to wait until 35 to conceive - despite already suffering from fertility issues.
从那以后，数十名女性分享了相似的经历，一名26岁的女性表示，按公司规定她必须等到35岁才能怀孕——而她本身就有怀孕困难问题。
The initial complaint came in a letter to newspaper Mainichi Shimbun last month, from the husband of a woman who works at a nursery in Aichi Prefecture.
上个月日本每日新闻社收到了第一封相关的投诉信，这封信是一名在爱知县托儿所工作的女性的丈夫写来的。
He wrote: 'Eight months into our marriage, in January of this year, we found out that my wife was pregnant.
他写道：“结婚八个月后，在今年一月份，我们发现我妻子怀孕了。”
'My wife, who is a child care provider, appeared glum and anxious over the news.
“从事幼儿看护工作的妻子得知消息后，露出忧郁和焦虑的神色。”
'The director at the child care center where she works had determined the order in which workers could get married or pregnant, and apparently there was an unspoken rule that one must not take their "turn" before a senior staff member.
“她就职的托儿所的所长规定了员工结婚或怀孕的顺序，显然那里有一条不成文的规定，就是不能比资深员工更早结婚或怀孕。”
'My wife and I went together to apologise. "We're sorry we got pregnant," we said.
“我的妻子和我一起去道歉。我们说：‘对不起，我们怀孕了。’”
'The director grudgingly accepted our apology, but since the next day, has been chiding my wife with harsh words, such as, "How could you so selfishly break the rules?"
“所长不情愿地接受了我们的道歉，但从第二天开始，就一直用刻薄的言语指责我的妻子，比如‘你怎么能这么自私地破坏规矩？’”
'My wife feels guilty thinking about the hard labor conditions of her colleagues.'
“我妻子想到同事们艰辛的劳动条件就感到内疚。”
While the man admits 'we are at fault for not planning well' he goes on to ask: 'Who benefits from having their "turn" to have children dictated, and following those rules?'
尽管这名男子承认，“我们没有计划好，是我们的错”，但是接下来他发问道：“按顺序生小孩和遵守这些规定，是谁受益呢？”
The letter prompted a national outpouring of sympathy and confessions from other workers that they were being forced to live by similar rules.
这封信引发了许多日本国民的同情，还有很多其他职员也坦承自己被迫按类似的规定来生活。
Toko Shirakawa, a journalist who specialises in Japan's low birth rate, said the policy is common in workplaces where the majority of staff are female to make sure the workload is spread evenly.
专门报道日本低生育率的记者Toko Shirakawa说，这种政策在女职员占多数的公司很常见，目的是确保工作量均匀分配。
In another case, a 26-year-old working at a cosmetics company in the Tokyo suburb of Mitaka said she was sent an email mapping out the marriage and birthing schedule for herself and 22 female colleagues.
在另一个案例中，一名在东京市郊三鹰市的化妆品公司工作的26岁女子表示，她收到了一封电子邮件，里面规定了自己和其他22名女员工结婚和生育的时间表。
The email also came with a warning that 'work gets backed up if four or more people take time off at the same time. Selfish behavior will be subject to punishment.'
这封电子邮件还警告说：“如果四名以上的员工同时请假，这部分工作量就要落到其他人头上。自私的行为会受到惩罚。”
She was then told by a supervisor that she would have to wait until age 35 before getting pregnant, despite suffering from fertility issues.
一名主管告诉她说，她必须等到35岁才能怀孕，尽管自身已经有不孕问题。
'How are they going to take responsibility if I put off getting pregnant and lose my chances to have children altogether?,' she said.
她说：“如果我推迟怀孕，导致自己完全丧失了生育机会，那他们要怎么负责呢？”
Japan is notorious for its tough working conditions and punishing schedules which have led to some staff dropping dead on the job.
日本因工作条件苛刻和惩罚性的日程安排而臭名昭著，某些员工甚至因此而死在了工作岗位上。
Miwa Sado, 31, a journalist for public broadcaster NHK, died in 2013 from heart failure after logging 159 hours of overtime in a single month.
31岁的Miwa Sado是公共广播公司NHK的记者，2013年她因为在一个月内超时工作159个小时，导致心脏衰竭而死。
The country even has a word - karoshi - which means 'death from overwork'.
日本甚至有一个词专门来形容过劳死——karoshi。
That culture has left precious little time for raising a family and is rapidly causing a population crisis, with fewer babies born last year than at any time since records began in 1899.
这种文化留给养育家庭的时间非常少，并迅速导致了人口危机，去年出生的婴儿数量降到1899年开始统计以来的最低点。
In turn, that places more pressure on workers as they have to take on increased duties to make up for the declining numbers of staff.
这一现状转而向劳动者们施加了更多压力，因为他们必须承担更多职责，才能弥补员工数量下降产生的劳动力不足。
The government has vowed to tackle the problem by raising the fertility rate from its current 1.44 children per woman to 1.8 children per woman by 2025.
政府已承诺要解决这一问题，声称要在2025年前把生育率从目前的平均每位女性生育1.44个小孩提高到每位女性1.8个小孩。
Japan now provides free education, has expanded nursery care, and allows fathers to take paternity leave in order to tackle the problem.
为了解决这一问题，日本现在提供免费教育，增加了托幼服务机构，让父亲们休陪产假。
Local governments have even set up speed-dating services across the country to get people to partner up.
日本各地的地方政府甚至推出了速配服务，让人们能够找到伴侣。
重点单词
查看全部解释
corporation
[.k?:p?'rein]
想一想再看
n. 公司，法人，集团
联想记忆
X
单词corporation 联想记忆：
corpor躯体，ation表名词－法人
innovation
[.in?u'vein]
想一想再看
n. 创新，革新
联想记忆
X
单词innovation 联想记忆：
novation（n 更新）；novel（n 小说adj 新奇的；新颖的）
capability
[.keip?'biliti]
想一想再看
n. 能力，才能，性能，容量
联想记忆
X
单词capability 联想记忆：
cap拿，抓，ability（n 能力）－能掌握的－能力
exploration
[.ekspl?:'rein]
想一想再看
n. 探险，踏勘，探测
联想记忆
X
单词exploration 联想记忆：
explore探索+ation→探索
communication
[k?.mju:ni'kei?n]
想一想再看
n. 沟通，交流，通讯，传达，通信
expand
[iks'p?nd]
想一想再看
v. 增加，详述，扩展，使 ... 膨胀，
v
联想记忆
X
单词expand 联想记忆：
ex出，pand展开－展开出去－扩大
detection
[di'tekn]
想一想再看
n. 察觉，发觉，侦查，探测
联想记忆
X
单词detection 联想记忆：
de去掉，tect遮盖－去掉遮盖－发现
navigation
[.n?vi'gein]
想一想再看
n. 航行，航海，导航
probe
[pr?ub]
想一想再看
n. 探针，探测器，调查，查究
v. 用探针测
联想记忆
X
单词probe 联想记忆：
因为有problem所以probe。
commercial
[k?'m?:l]
想一想再看
adj. 商业的
n. 商业广告
联想记忆
X
单词commercial 联想记忆：
commerce商业+ial表形容词，“有…的”→商业的
There is a Military Parade Village at Yangfang town, Changping district, in the north of Beijing. The village, rebuilt from a local shooting range several months ago, has a gold-roofed, red-walled complex, which is imitation of the Tian'anmen Gate Tower. A road, 3-km long and 70-meter wide, lies in front of the "Gate Tower". That is where the parade soldiers conducted training.
北京城北的昌平区阳坊镇，有一处"阅兵村"，系数月前由当地的靶场改建。阅兵村内有一座摸拟天安门的金顶红墙建筑物。"天安门"城楼前铺着长3公里、宽70米的行进路，阅兵队伍此前就是在这里接受训练的。
Beijing has a total of four Military Parade Villages at Shahe airport in Changping district, Zhangjiawan airport in Tongzhou district, Liangxiang airport in Fangshan district and Nanyuan airport in Daxing district. Before the military parade held in 2009 that celebrated China's 60th founding anniversary, the foot phalanxes were trained at Shahe and the vehicle phalanxes at Zhangjiawan.
据悉，北京有四个阅兵村，分别是位于昌平的沙河机场、通州的张家湾机场、房山的良乡机场和大兴的南苑机场。2009年国庆60周年大阅兵时，受阅的徒步方队就是在沙河接受训练的，车辆方队则在张家湾受训。
【阅兵村的衣食住行】
For the officers and soldiers undergoing intensive training every day, how their basic necessities of life – food, clothing, shelter and means of traveling – were fulfilled is also a focal point.
受阅官兵每天面对高强度的训练，如何保障他们的衣、食、住、行也成为人们关注的焦点。
[衣——量体裁衣、科学下单]
The logistics teams act according to circumstances and prepare form-fitting clothes at a scientific quantity for the parade soldiers. More than 380,000 pieces of clothing and bedding were distributed to soldiers; 14,000 pairs of shoes and 11,000 pieces of clothing and bedding were repaired; and 13,000 pieces of clothing and bedding were dry-cleaned and ironed, according to preliminary statistics.
阅兵保障队伍按照方队需求"量体裁衣、科学下单"。据不完全统计，阅兵保障兵站为受阅部队发放被装物资38万余件套，修补鞋靴1.4万双，缝补衣物、被褥1.1万件套，干洗熨烫被服1.3万件套。
[食——膳食评估系统保健康]
A diet evaluation system, developed especially for the parade soldiers by a 10-person team in 28 days, has provided proper dietary recommendations. The system can calculate food energy and nutrients allowances using computers, based on soldiers' everyday need.
10人研发小组历时28天研发出《阅兵部队膳食评估系统》，针对受阅官兵每天的饮食情况，利用计算机准确计算出食物能量及营养素供给量，生成合理化饮食建议。
[住——营房配套齐全]
According to barrack reconstruction projects, post offices, barbers' rooms and supermarkets were set up; more than 2,500 sq m of barrack housing were built at the training center of the General Staff Department; more than 3,000 sq m areas were greened around soldier stations; and 213 air-conditioners and over 300 curtains were provided.
营房改造工程开设各保障点的邮局、理发点、超市，在总参训练场新建板房2500余平方米，绿化兵站周围3000余平方米，为兵站安装空调213部，安装窗帘300余件。
[行——首用高铁运部队]
For the first time, high-speed trains and planes were used in the transportation of the soldiers to be inspected. In addition, local businesses' vehicles were rented for the first time. Renting vehicles of major transportation enterprises located in Beijing had helped save the military's human and material resources, and also ensure transportation safety.
此次阅兵部队运输首次使用了高铁、飞机，首次租用地方企业运力。通过租用北京市大型运输企业的运力，既节省了人力物力，还保证了运输安全。
201509/397220.shtml
【训练标准异常严格】
Coach looked down at the surface of troops from 2.6 meter-high training vehicles on the training ground. Once the coach found individual soldier's posture was not standard enough or did not fit in with the formation, he would warn about posture using a loudspeaker.
训练场上，教练员乘坐2.6米高的阅兵专用训练车从高处俯视队伍的排面，一发现有个别队员姿势不标准，或和队伍队形不一致的地方，便会及时用喊话器提醒调整军姿。
[摆臂、踏步要求精准]
The training standard for this parade was more precise than ever. According to old rules, soldiers in formation swing their arms forward 30 cm "more or less". However, this time the swing amplitude was measured with ruler, and when they swang arms forward, it's exactly 30 cm. There were new rules about time marking as well, as a previous rule the tiptoes of soldiers were 15 cm away from the ground when they were marking time. However, the training this time required soldiers to raise their tiptoes 5 cm higher, that is, 20 cm from the ground.
此次阅兵训练标准更加精确，以前向前摆臂要求"大约"30厘米，此次方队用尺子量好，必须为30厘米。同时，踏步也有新要求，正常情况下是原地踏步脚尖离地15厘米，而阅兵训练要求在以往的基础上再抬高5厘米，为20厘米。
[猎鹰猕猴保障飞行安全]
The timing of the flight training happens to coincide with the season when young birds are leaving the nest and filling the skies, leading to more pressure to ensure the safety of the air force. The Chinese Air Force used three types of animal helpers to boost security - falcons, macaques and hunting dogs.
阅兵飞行训练正值所处地区幼鸟出巢期，鸟类活动愈加频繁，保障压力大。为了护航空中梯队，空军开发出驱鸟"三宝"——猎鹰、猕猴和猎犬。
The dog drives the birds resting on the ground into the sky and then lets the falcons take over the next step of the job - a falcon unfurls its wings and flies into the sky to drive away the birds. Macaques rip down bird nests from the trees. The same species of bird won't nest again at the same spot after the monkey tears its home apart.
猎犬先将草丛中栖息的鸟类驱赶到空中，再由猎鹰"出马"——展翅翱翔的猎鹰将鸟类驱散。猕猴负责上树拆除鸟巢。猕猴所拆过鸟窝的位置，同一种群的鸟类再也不会在同一位置打窝。
201509/397220.shtml
【阅兵'好声音'炼成记】
It is learned that 315 engineers are responsible for the sound effect of the grand parade to mark the 70th anniversary of victory in the People's War of Resistance against Japanese Aggression. They placed more than 300 microphones, 62 sound base stations, 38 sound consoles and 140 mobile loudspeaker boxes in Tian'anmen Square and districts along the Chang'an Avenue. The various kinds of sound on the site of parade are more complicated than ever, making sound collecting a hard job.
据了解，此次抗战胜利70周年阅兵，共有315名工程师承担阅兵声音保障任务。他们在天安门广场以及长安街区域布设了300多支话筒、62个声音基站、38个调音台及140只流动音箱。此次阅兵现场声音种类的繁杂是前所未有的，使得声音收集工作变得非常复杂。
[声音收集无死角]
In order to convey neat and uniform sound of footsteps of march-past, apart from installing fixed sound-collecting microphones, technicians have to follow the formation carrying a microphone stick to collect their sounds. The amplifying systems on Tian'anmen Square in this parade cover vast areas from Jianguomen to Xidan, to ensure unified sound effect in every corner of the square.
为了传递出整齐划一的分列式脚步声，除了布设固定的拾声话筒外，还有技术人员举着话筒杆，朝着脚步行进方向跟随收声。本次阅兵，天安门广场的扩声系统覆盖了从建国门到西单的广阔区域，保证在广场上任何角落都能听见一致的效果。
[口令员精准发声]
Order-givers in the phalanxes are responsible to give loud orders on the Tian'anmen Square for soldiers to hear. Besides, they should notice not to give orders when guns fire salute. There are standards for how long one order lasts, the strong beat and off beat in the order, as well as the rhythms.
方队中的口令员负责在天安门广场上喊出响亮的口令，让官兵们都能听见。而且口令要与礼炮响那一刻的时间点错开。喊多长、哪个地方是强音、哪个地方是弱音，用什么节拍，都有规范。
[脚踏声要响亮]
In order to march with such momentum, soldiers trained wearing heavy sandbags on their legs. The riding boots that soldiers wear are very heavy in itself, and the hardness of these boots' heels was increased to 85 (hardness of normal heels is between 65 and 75), which makes the stomping sound louder.
为了走出气势，队员在训练时通过加重腿部沙袋重量，来加强腿部功夫训练。马靴本来就很沉，普通的鞋跟硬度为65到75之间，此次阅兵鞋跟硬度加到85，可以让脚踏声更响。
201509/397220.shtmlA battle is emerging between Baidu Inc. and upstart Qihoo 360 Technology Inc., underlining the high stakes in China's growing Web-search market.
百度(Baidu Inc.)与后起之秀奇虎360科技有限公司(Qihoo 360 Technology Inc.)之间的战争即将打响，从中可见它们在中国不断扩大的互联网搜索市场存在着多么重大的利害关系。
Qihoo's emergence as a real player in search just a few weeks after unveiling its search engine has rattled Baidu-long the country's dominant search provider. Google Inc.'s market share has fallen steadily here since the U.S.-based moved its services to Hong Kong two years ago.
相关报道奇虎推出搜索引擎才几周时间，就成为搜索领域一个不可忽视的角色，让长期占据中国市场主导地位的搜索提供商百度倍感不安。美国的谷歌公司(Google Inc.)自两年前将服务移至香港后，它在中国大陆的市场份额就一直在持续下降。
China is home to more than 500 million Internet users, and second-quarter search advertising revenue reached more than $1 billion, according to research group Analysys International. So Baidu acted swiftly to protect its turf.
研究公司易观国际(Analysys International)的数据显示，中国网民数量已超5亿，二季度搜索广告收入在10亿美元以上。有鉴于此，百度迅速采取行动来保护自己的地盘。
Qihoo, which has built a strong user base on the popularity of its Internet security software and secure browser, in early August started a search engine to compete with Baidu. But search results on Qihoo (pronounced chee hoo), listed links from Baidu results and services, such as maps, music and photo search.
奇虎依靠其网络安全软件和安全浏览器的普及，已经培养了一个庞大的用户群体。它在8月上旬推出了一个搜索引擎跟百度竞争，但奇虎的搜索结果列出了百度搜索结果与服务的链接，如地图、音乐和图片搜索等。
Baidu responded by making it difficult to click through to Baidu services from Qihoo's site, providing links to older, cached results-rather than fresh results-or directly to a Baidu page.
百度展开反击，给用户从奇虎网站点击进入百度服务制造困难。它给出的链接指向更早搜索结果的网页快照、而不是新的搜索结果，或者是让用户直接进入百度页面。
Investors reacted strongly. Baidu's American depositary receipts have dropped 15% on the Nasdaq Stock Market over the past two weeks, while Qihoo's ADRs have climbed 18% on the New York Stock Exchange.
投资者对此做出强烈反应。过去两周百度在纳斯达克市场交易的美国存托凭证下跌15%，奇虎在纽约证券交易所交易的美国存托凭证则累计上涨18%。
'We're not worried, we are doing the right thing,' Qihoo Chief Financial Officer Alex Xu said. 'Basically, the search market before we launched was underserved by Baidu.'
奇虎首席财务长徐祚立说，我们不担心，我们在做正确的事；总体上来讲，在我们推出搜索引擎以前，百度没有服务好这个市场。
Baidu declined to comment.
百度拒绝置评。
Though other Chinese Internet companies have tried in vain to cut into Baidu's nearly 80% of search-market revenue, analysts project that Qihoo could take 10% of the market in coming quarters. Google is China's No. 2 search engine, with 15% of the market.
中国其他互联网企业也曾试图分食百度在搜索市场接近80%的份额（按收入计算），结果都是徒劳。但分析师预计奇虎有可能在未来几个季度取得10%的份额。谷歌份额为15%，是中国第二大搜索引擎。
J.P. Morgan analyst Dick Wei said Qihoo is likely to take market share from both Baidu and Google as inexperienced users of Qihoo's portal use its own default search engine. According to Baidu statistics, Qihoo's browser supplies 21% of Baidu's traffic, meaning Qihoo could take even more market share from Baidu.
摩根大通(J.P. Morgan)分析师韦迪说，随着奇虎门户网站上缺乏经验的用户开始使用它自己的默认搜索引擎，百度和谷歌的市场份额都有可能向奇虎流失一部分。百度数据显示奇虎浏览器为它提供了21%的流量，这意味着奇虎还有可能夺取百度的更多份额。
Google didn't respond to a request for comment.
谷歌没有回复置评请求。
Although little known outside of China, Qihoo has capitalized on the volume of viruses and malware on China's Internet to attract users to the company's secure browser and portal. According to Qihoo, its browser had 270 million monthly users in the first quarter, while its website had 77 million unique daily hits.
奇虎在中国以外鲜有人知，但它利用中国互联网上病毒与恶意软件肆虐之机，为自己的安全浏览器和门户网站吸引了大量用户。奇虎提供的数据显示，一季度其浏览器的月度活跃用户达2.7亿，其网站的每日独立访问量达7,700万次。
The company was founded in 2006 by Zhou Hongyi and Qi Xiangdong, Qihoo's current chief executive and president, respectively. Mr. Zhou is the former head of Yahoo Inc. in China and one of the most outspoken of China's tech tycoons, frequently at odds with other leaders of China's biggest Internet companies.
奇虎于2006年由周鸿燊和齐向东创办，两人现在分别担任首席执行长和总裁。周鸿燊曾任雅虎(Yahoo Inc.)中国区负责人，是中国科技界最敢直言的巨头之一，常常与中国最大几家互联网企业的其他领导人吵架。
With the introduction of its search engine, Qihoo aims to funnel much of its large user base into its own search, giving the company a piece of China's highly profitable search advertising.
奇虎推出搜索引擎，是要将自己庞大用户群中的很大一部分导向自己的搜索引擎，从而在中国利润丰厚的搜索广告领域分得一杯羹。
Qihoo has battled other Chinese Internet companies before. In 2010 the company accused online-games maker Tencent Holdings Ltd. of scanning the private data of Tencent's users. Tencent retaliated by cutting off its QQ instant-messaging service for users of Qihoo antivirus software. The spat earned each company a rebuke from China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.
奇虎之前还曾与中国其他互联网企业爆发大战。2010年该公司声称网络游戏开发商腾讯控股(Tencent Holdings Ltd.)扫描腾讯用户的隐私数据。作为报复，腾讯对奇虎反病毒软件的用户切断了QQ即时通讯服务。因为这场争端，两家公司都遭到中国工业和信息化部的训斥。
Analysts warned that it will be no easy task for Qihoo to break into Baidu's core market as Baidu has more cash and significantly larger engineering resources at its disposal.
分析师提醒，百度资金更加充裕，可支配的工程资源也远比奇虎丰富，所以奇虎要打进百度的核心市场也不是一件容易的事。
Mr. Wei, of J.P. Morgan, wrote that the most valuable high-end users eventually would be wooed back to Baidu's search engine by its array of products, such as maps and streaming music search.
摩根大通的韦迪写道，最有价值的高端用户最终会在百度一系列产品（如地图和音乐流媒体搜索）的吸引之下，回到百度的搜索引擎上来。
Qihoo 360, a leading Chinese internet security company and also a camera maker, has been accused of infringing on people's privacy for streaming videos recorded by its surveillance cameras, reports Beijing Youth Daily.
据《北京青年报》报道，中国领先的网络安全公司及摄像头制造商奇虎360近日被指侵犯个人隐私，将监控视频内容放到视频网站直播。
An online article published on December 11, 2017 alleged that Qihoo 360 has put the surveillance videos collected from its camera users on its live streaming platform Shuidi Live, which has raised public concern over privacy invasion.
2017年12月11日发表的一篇网文指出，奇虎360将从摄像头用户那里获取的监控视频在旗下的水滴平台直播，引发公众对侵犯个人隐私的关注。
The 360 Smart Camera developed by Qihoo is a surveillance camera that allows users to view video recordings on a computer or via the 360 Camera app on their mobile phones.
奇虎360公司研发的这款360智能摄像头是一种监控摄像头，用户可在电脑上观看视频文件，也可以通过360手机应用程序查看。
So far, over 300,000 units of Qihoo's intelligent camera equipment have been sold on Taobao.
目前，淘宝网上已售出超过30万个360智能摄像头。
Most of the buyers are business owners who install the cameras in public places with a large flow of people, such as restaurants, clothing stores, hotels, fitness centers and office buildings.
买家多数是经营业主，他们把摄像头安装在人流较大的公共场所，比如餐馆、服装店、宾馆、健身房和办公楼。
When people enter the surveillance areas, all their movements could become streamed on Shuidi Live, which has an average of over seven million viewers per day.
当人们走进监控区域，一举一动都会在水滴平台直播。该平台日均浏览量超过700万次。
According to the report, a total of 657 surveillance videos recorded by users in Beijing are being streamed on Shuidi Live on December 13, 2017.
据报道，在2017年12月13日，北京地区共有657个360智能摄像头的监控视频在水滴平台直播。
Qihoo 360 responded that camera users can decide whether to turn on the streaming function and are required to complete a real name registration if they are to stream surveillance videos.
奇虎360公司回应称，摄像头使用者可以自行决定是否打开直播功能，如果打算开通视频直播，还要进行实名登记。
The company also said a store owner has to put up a notice to inform customers in surveillance areas when streaming the video. But it is reported that few store owners abide by such a rule in practice.
该公司还表示，店家必须张贴通知告知顾客他们正在被直播。但据报道，这样做的人寥寥无几。
On Wednesday, reporters with the Beijing Youth Daily visited a pub located in Beijing's Chaoyang District. Its surveillance video is found to have been streamed on Shuidi Live all day long.
本周三，《北京青年报》记者到访北京朝阳区一家酒吧。这家酒吧的监控视频在水滴平台全天直播。
"The camera is linked to the mobile phone of my boss, who can monitor the situation in the pub anytime," explained a bartender who said he knew nothing about the live streaming.
一位酒吧服务员表示对直播并不知情。他解释说：“摄像头连到我们老板手机上，他可以随时监控酒吧内的情形。”
It was discovered that a Qihoo camera installed on the pub's ceiling was on, while there was no notice about the live streaming.
记者发现，安装在酒吧天花板的360智能摄像头正在运行，但酒吧内没有张贴直播告示。
"Even if the store has put up a notice, it doesn't mean I have to accept it. Nobody likes to be peeped at while eating meals at a restaurant," said a customer surnamed Wang, who was told that he had appeared in a live video.
一位王姓顾客在被告知自己出现在直播平台上时说：“即使张贴了告示，也并不意味着我会接受。没人想吃顿饭还被偷窥。”
On Waterdrop Livestream — or Shuidi Zhibo, an online live-streaming platform — hundreds of channels from schools across China can be viewed at all hours of the day, from kindergarteners napping to high school students participating in class.
在水滴直播平台上，有数百个来自全国各地多所学校的频道正在全天候直播教室内的一举一动，从幼儿园宝宝午睡到高中生上课无一幸免。
Many net users commenting on the trend of classroom broadcasts have expressed skepticism. “Who wants to live on a surveillance camera?” wrote one net user. “It’s like ‘The Truman Show,’” wrote another.
很多网友留言评论教室直播风潮并表达了质疑。一位网友写道：“谁想被视频直播？”还有人写道：“真像‘楚门的世界’”。
Although the livestreaming platform responded that it has the permission from the owners of the establishments, uses their CCTV cameras and posts signs notifying customers they are being filmed, its behavior still infringes on customers' privacy.
尽管水滴直播平台回应说，直播得到了经营场所的允许，使用闭路电视摄像机并张贴标识告知顾客他们正在被直播，但其行为仍然侵犯了顾客隐私。
People have the right to privacy and their consent to be livestreamed is needed. A simple notice of livestreaming does not equate to permission being granted by customers.
人们拥有隐私权，需要得到允许才能进行直播。张贴简单的直播标识并不等同于得到了顾客的同意。
If permission cannot be obtained from all the customers, then there is a violation of the privacy rights of some.
如果无法得到所有顾客的同意，就侵犯了其中一部分人的隐私权。
Although there are laws and regulations in China to protect people's privacy, the cost to safeguard legal rights and interests is comparatively high, and it is difficult to calculate the loss caused by any violation according to the existing law.
尽管中国有保护隐私的法律法规，但保护法定权利和权益的成本相当高昂，也很难根据现行法律计算出由于侵犯隐私导致的损失。
As the cost of violating a person's privacy is very low, it is even a means for shops and restaurants to pursue profits, that's why privacy violations through illegal livestreaming have become more and more frequent.
由于侵犯个人隐私成本很低，这甚至成为商店和餐馆的赚钱之道。因此通过非法视频直播侵犯隐私的行为越来越常见。
The most efficient way to curb infringement acts is to increase the cost of violation. The merchants and the livestreaming platforms are both responsible for the privacy violation, which should be supervised and punished accordingly.
打击侵权行为的最有效方式是增加违法成本。商家和视频直播平台对侵犯隐私都有责任，都应该相应地受到监管和惩罚。
Don’t blink or you’ll miss the next “new” San Francisco. This is a city that’s reinventing itself with every refresh of your Twitter feed, with cranes rising all over downtown and an army of young tech workers pouring into neighborhoods across the city. In the ’60s, San Francisco was synonymous with the hippie counterculture; in the ’90s, it was the dot-com boom (and eventual bust, in the early 2000s); more recently, it was the ripening of the Bay Area food movement. Now it’s home to such new-establishment icons of the digital economy as Airbnb, Uber and, yes, Twitter. But don’t be fooled by the shiny patina: San Francisco is more than just the physical headquarters of our virtual world. There are some things that haven’t changed, and by themselves, are reason enough to revisit: the mind-boggling views along that glorious waterfront; the Mission’s still-feisty, freaky, welcome-all-comers character; the meandering natural pleasures of Golden Gate Park. Even when classic San Francisco rubs up against new San Francisco, the friction, though at times contentious (Google bus protests, the anti-eviction fight), is also where the community-conscious activist roots of this city are as vital and visible as ever.
别眨眼，否则你就会错过“下一秒的”旧金山。你的Twitter首页每刷新一次，这座城市就会自我更新一次。高耸的起重机遍布市区，年轻的科技工作者成群结队地涌入城市的各个角落。上世纪60年代，旧金山是“嬉皮反主流文化”的代名词；到了90年代，这里成为了网络爆炸的发源地（这股热潮最终在21世纪初衰落）；近年，湾区的食品运动在这里发展成熟。如今，旧金山是新兴数字经济的大本营，其中的代表包括Airbnb、Uber，当然还有Twitter。不过，别被它光鲜的外表蒙蔽了：旧金山不仅仅是网络虚拟世界的“实体总部”。这里仍有一些始终没变的元素，而这些元素足以成为你故地重游的理由：海滨沿岸令人惊叹的壮丽景色；教会区(Mission)那依旧活跃、古怪又好客的个性；漫步于金门公园(Golden Gate Park)，体会大自然的乐趣。当传统与现代碰撞之时，尽管这些摩擦有时存在争议（比如抵制谷歌员工班车、反驱逐运动），但这正是这座城市中具有社区意识的激进分子的根基所在，它的重要性和显著性也从未消减。
201512/414905.shtml
Friday
星期五
1. City by the Bay | 4 p.m.
1.海滨漫步：下午4:00
Make time for a stroll along the Embarcadero, San Francisco’s quintessential bayside pedestrian promenade. Your starting point is just south of the Bay Bridge, at Red’s Java House on Pier 30. A no-frills waterfront dive the San Francisco Chronicle once called “the Chartres Cathedral of cheap eats,” Red’s has been around in some form or another since 1912, when longshoremen came for the cheeseburger-and-beer breakfast special. Nowadays, it’s a favorite stop for Giants fans on their way to a ballgame at AT&T Park, home to the 2010, 2012 and 2014 World Series champs. Join the cheerfully egalitarian crowd for a sourdough cheeseburger ($5.52) and a beer on the outdoor patio — it has a view that goes for miles.
留出时间去英巴卡迪诺(Embarcadero)散个步。这是旧金山最精华的一段海滨步行区。以海湾大桥(Bay Bridge)南端、也就是30号码头的Red’s Java House餐厅作为起点。这家朴实无华的小餐馆曾被《旧金山纪事报》(San Francisco Chronicle)誉为“实惠食物的沙特尔主教座堂(Chartres Cathedral)”。Red’s餐厅的历史要追溯到1912年，期间经历过不同形式的变迁。刚开业时，码头工人们来这里吃芝士汉堡配啤酒的早晨特餐。如今，这里成为了旧金山巨人队(Giants)的球迷们在去AT&T球场(AT&T Park)看比赛的路上最喜欢光顾的地方。该球场曾是2010年、2012年和2014年世界棒球冠军赛(World Series champs)的举办地。点一份酵母芝士汉堡（5.52美元）配啤酒，和这群热情的平等主义者们一起在户外露台上欣赏延绵不绝的海景。
201512/414905.shtml
2. To Market | 5:30 p.m.
2.赶集去：下午5:30
It’s hard to believe that it’s been 12 years since the century-plus-old Ferry Building reopened as a grand marketplace and European-style food hall, after decades of blight and decay in the shadow of the former Embarcadero Freeway (which was taken down after the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake). Though the Ferry Building has come to represent all the modern trends in the Bay Area food world, it hews to tradition with a thrice-weekly outdoor farmers’ market, plus indoor food stalls in former ferry berths; the butcher, the baker and the cheesemonger are all on hand to talk to you. Just browsing is a pleasure: It’s all eye candy, from the ceramics to the chocolate. And whatever your age, watching the ferries come and go never gets old.
难以置信，拥有超过百年历史的渡轮大厦(Ferry Building)已经重新开放12年了。这里现在是一个大型集市和欧洲风格的美食广场。在此之前，该大厦在英巴卡迪诺高速通道(Embarcadero Freeway)的阴影下（该通道在1989年洛马普列塔[Loma Prieta]大地震后被拆除）经历了数十年的萎靡和衰败。尽管渡轮大厦引领着湾区的美食潮流，它也保留着每周开三天户外农贸市场的传统，在曾经的渡船码头还有室内的美食摊位；屠夫、糕点师、干酪店主都随时准备好跟你聊几句。哪怕只是随便逛逛也是一种乐趣：从陶瓷到巧克力，各类商品都令人大饱眼福。而且，无论你是什么年纪，看渡船来来往往永远都不算过时的活动。
201512/414905.shtml
3. Two Piers | 7 p.m.
3.两个码头的晚餐：晚上7:00
Charles Phan, of Slanted Door fame, has shifted gears with Hard Water, a tiny, New Orleans-inflected whiskey bar and restaurant that opened in 2013 on Pier 3. The kitchen turns out a mean fried chicken — the better to soak up the powerful cocktails. Whiskey flights start at $22, and are a gentle intro to a deep list. For a heartier meal, head two piers over to Michael Chiarello’s Spanish-meets-California Coqueta, where the extraordinary paella — bomba rice with clams, shrimp, chorizo and broccolini in fragrant broth made from shellfish and jamón serrano, $45 — is enough to feed three.
2013年，Slanted Door餐厅的名主厨查尔斯·潘(Charles Phan)转换了风格，在3号码头开了一家新奥尔良风格的威士忌小餐吧。菜品以炸鸡为主——最好还是试试他家出名的鸡尾酒。威士忌套餐起价22美元，所选的酒都是温和的入门款。如果想吃点好的，再走两个码头，去名厨迈克尔·切洛(Michael Chiarello)的Coqueta 餐厅，这里融合了西班牙和加州风味。美妙的西班牙什锦饭——以邦巴米为底，浇上用贝类和塞拉诺火腿熬制的鲜美肉汤，里面有蛤肉、大虾、西班牙辣香肠及西兰花，售价45美元——一份足够三个人吃。
201512/414905.shtml
4. Nightcaps | 9 p.m.
4. 睡前酒：晚上9:00
A bar in the Mission is an appropriate place to end the night. At the divey, atmospheric Royal Cuckoo, great cocktails are the rule — try the Carnival Mule, with cacha愀, ginger beer, Domaine de Canton, tangerine and lime — as is live music Wednesday through Sunday nights showcasing the house’s old-fashioned Hammond organ. Outdoor drinking is an option at Zeitgeist, a punk-spirited biergarten and neighborhood institution; its native population is heavy on the bikers and bike messengers. Don’t take selfies, or management might boot you out — service is gruff, and proud of it.
教会区(Mission)的酒吧最适合作为睡前消遣。地下风格的Royal Cuckoo富有情调，提供优质鸡尾酒是他们的原则——试试Carnival Mule，用巴西朗姆酒(cacha愀)、姜汁啤酒、法国坎顿力娇酒(Domaine de Canton)、柑橘及青柠调制而成——酒吧从周三到周日每天晚上都有现场音乐表演，用的是酒吧里老式的电子琴。如果想在户外喝酒，Zeitgeist是个不错的选择，这是一家朋克风格的露天啤酒馆，靠近居民区；那里的原始居民很多是骑手或骑车的送信员。别在那儿自拍，不然经理可能会把你赶出去——服务态度粗暴，但他们引以为豪。
201512/414905.shtml
Saturday
星期六
5. Break Bread | 10 a.m.
5.面包早餐：上午10:00
Along 24th Street in the Mission, Mexican bakeries are still where mornings begin. For just a dollar or two, pick up sugar-dusted pan dulce or custard-filled pastries with your coffee at La Mejor Bakery or Panaderia La Mexicana, and watch the neighborhood wake up. Then head south for a climb up over windswept Bernal Hill to the sprawling Alemany Farmers’ Market, said to be the oldest in the state of California, improbably situated near where Interstate 280 crosses Highway 101. The weekly market still offers the best cornucopia in the city: The greens alone regularly range from Chinese long beans, pea shoots and bok choy to dandelion, kale and mustard greens (about $5 for three bunches). Can’t fix what ain’t broke.
在教会区的第24街上，墨西哥面包房始终是一天开始的地方。只要花一到两美元，就能在La Mejor Bakery或Panaderia La Mexicana买个裹着糖粉的甜面包，或卡仕达奶油夹心的酥皮点心，喝着咖啡，看周围慢慢苏醒。然后往南走，爬上风大的贝尔纳尔高地(Bernal Hill)，整块区域都是阿勒马尼农贸市场(Alemany Farmers’ Market)——据说是加州最古老的农贸市场，位置有些特别，在208号州际公路和101号国道交界附近。市场每周开放一天，这里的蔬果仍然是旧金山最好的：单是绿色蔬菜，常见的就有中国豇豆、豌豆苗、小白菜、蒲公英，羽衣甘蓝和芥菜（大约5美元可以买三捆）。简直无可挑剔。
201512/414905.shtml
6. Picnic in the Park | 12 p.m.
6.公园野餐：中午12:00
Bring your provisions for a picnic at the newly spiffed-up Dolores Park, where an $8 million renovation made over the northern half of the park with new tennis courts; six acres of fresh, grassy splendor; and expanded restrooms (this last is critical to a comfortable afternoon). The other half of the park will get similar treatment in the coming year. What hasn’t changed: the diverse crush of humanity, and the excellent vistas of the San Francisco skyline.
带着你的食物去装饰一新的多洛雷斯公园(Dolores Park)野餐吧。耗资800万美元的翻新工程之后，公园的北半部多了几个新的网球场、一片6英亩（约2.4万平方米）的清新草坪，还有宽敞的洗手间（最后这项对于“一个舒适的下午”来说极为重要）。明年，在公园的另一半也会进行类似的整修，但始终如一的是这里形形色色的拥挤人群，和旧金山天际线的壮丽景观。
201512/414905.shtml
7. The People’s Art | 1:30 p.m.
7.人民的艺术：下午1:30
Take stock of the Mission’s murals with Precita Eyes, a neighborhood arts organization that has been sponsoring local and international mural projects and offering classes for nearly four decades. Docents lead weekly mural walks ($20, with discounts for students and seniors) through alleys and streets dense with color, and add stories and context to ever-shifting images that comment on everything from human rights to Hurricane Katrina.
和Precita Eyes一起盘点教会区的壁画。在将近四十年里，这个艺术组织一直赞助本地及国际的壁画项目，并开设课程。有讲解员带领每周一次的壁画导览（门票：20美元，学生及长者有优惠），走过这些色彩密集的小巷和街道，为大家讲述壁画的故事和背景。这些壁画千变万化，探讨从人权到卡特里娜飓风的各种主题。
201512/414905.shtml
8. Two Ways to Taste | 7 p.m.
8.东西风味晚餐：晚上7:00
Put yourself in the expert hands of some of the Mission’s best neighborhood chefs. At Ichi Sushi & Ni Bar’s airy new space, request a seat at the bar for omakase, or chef’s choice, and be entertained by the jewel-toned march of seafood across your plate — perhaps wild salmon, sweet shrimp heads and lightly seared saba (about $65 for 12 pieces). Or try the three-course menu and wine pairing at Heirloom Cafe ($65), an elegant neighborhood spot that might smartly present a bavette steak and maitake mushrooms with a malbec. At both establishments, fresh, simple dishes and friendly service are standouts, and the price is right.
把自己的胃交给教会区最棒的厨子们吧。在Ichi Sushi & Ni Bar通透的新空间找个位子，来一份“拜托料理”(omakase)（注：无菜单，由厨师来定）或厨师精选，让整盘宝石色调的海鲜来款待你——也许会有野生鲑鱼、甜虾的头以及轻火炙鲭鱼（12件大约65美元）。或者去Heirloom Café品尝三道菜配葡萄酒的套餐（65美元），这家雅致的教会区餐厅可能会为你奉上牛排（腰腹部细肉）配舞菇和一杯马尔贝克红酒(malbec)。这两家餐厅新鲜简约的菜品和友好的服务都是数一数二，而且价格合理。
201512/414905.shtml
9. One for the Team | 9 p.m.
9.保龄之夜：晚上9:00
Bring friends for a game or two at the Mission Bowling Club, the city’s first new bowling alley in 40 years when it opened in 2012. The owners, Sommer Peterson and Molly Bradshaw, wanted to conjure the intimate, friendly neighborhood alley of their youth — but with really good food (and sans fluorescent lighting). They’ve succeeded. Two of the six lanes are held for drop-ins most nights, but you’ll probably want to make a reservation (reservations can be made a week ahead, $35 to $55 per lane per hour).
带上你的朋友们，去教会区保龄球俱乐部(Mission Bowling Club)打上一两局。这是旧金山近40年来的第一家新保龄球馆，于2012年开业。老板索默·彼得森(Sommer Peterson)和莫莉·布拉德肖(Molly Bradshaw)最初是想为社区的青少年打造一个温馨友好的保龄球馆——但要有好吃的食物（不要荧光灯）。他们成功了。在大多数晚间，六条球道中有两条是为临时访客保留的，但你可能也需要预约（提前一周接受预约，每球道每小时35美元到55美元不等）。
201512/414905.shtml
Sunday
星期日
10. Bookworms Welcome | 10 a.m.
10.欢迎书虫：上午10:00
First there was Green Apple Books: Opened in 1967, it’s a literary institution. Now there’s Green Apple Books on the Park, perfectly situated for a morning browse along the Inner Sunset’s Ninth Avenue, just south of Golden Gate Park. Don’t be fooled by the narrow storefront — the shop reaches far into the interior space, and is big enough to be anchored by a dedicated children’s area. Like its sister store, it also hosts events featuring an impressive lineup of writers, including such recent guests as Karl Ove Knausgaard, Maggie Nelson, Aleksandar Hemon and Molly Antopol. Afterward, stroll down the street and into Urban Bazaar to browse fair-trade and quirky, locally made gifts — belts made from old bike tires, screen-printed owl tea towels — and admire the boutique’s charming little air plant and succulent nursery.
最早的青苹果书店(Green Apple Books)于1967年开业，是一家文学书店。现在又有了一家“在公园的青苹果书店”(Green Apple Books on the Park)，很适合早上去逛逛。书店位于内日落区(Inner Sunset)的第九大道，金门公园(Golden Gate Park)的南边。别看它门面小——内部空间却十分宽敞，甚至还开辟出了一块固定的儿童专用区。和它的姐妹店一样，这里也会举办一些有名作家参与的活动，最近来过的有卡尔·奥韦·诺斯加德(Karl Ove Knausgaard)、麦琪·尼尔逊(Maggie Nelson)、亚历山大·埃蒙(Aleksandar Hemon)，以及莫莉·安托波尔(Molly Antopol)。从书店出来，沿第九大道向前走，去Urban Bazaar杂货店逛逛。这是一家以公平贸易为主的商店，出售千奇百怪的本地手工艺品——用旧自行车轮胎做的腰带、丝网印刷的猫头鹰茶巾——还能欣赏到商店里迷人的空气绿植和多肉植物。
201512/414905.shtml
11. Seasonal Tastes | 11:30 a.m.
11.时令美餐：上午11:30
For a leisurely brunch, head to the sun-warmed back patio of Nopalito, a branch of Divisadero’s beloved Nopa, for brightly flavored, vibrant Mexican: squash-blossom quesadilla, pork-shoulder pozole, and peach, avocado and lettuce salad with pumpkin seeds and cotija cheese (brunch for two about $45). Or for on-the-go noshing, stop at the worker-owned-and--run Arizmendi Bakery for the excellent daily pizza: always vegetarian, always changing, always available by the slice ($2.50, and it comes with a little bonus sliver) or pie.
要想吃个悠闲的午餐，就去Nopalito餐厅那充满阳光的后院。这是那家深受欢迎的餐厅——位于Divisadero街的Nopa的分店，主打风味明快、充满活力的墨西哥菜：莴瓜花炸玉米粉饼、猪肩玉米粒肉汤，以及混合了桃、牛油果、生菜的沙拉配南瓜籽和科提加芝士（二人早午餐的价格大约是45美元）。如果只想随便吃点，就去工人自营的Arizmendi面包房买美味的当日披萨：全素食，种类经常变化，可以整张买，也可以按片买（每片2.5美元，还会额外给一小块）。
201512/414905.shtml
12. In Residence | 1 p.m.
12.驻场艺术家：下午1:00
Every month, the de Young Museum in Golden Gate Park invites a new artist-in-residence to install art and work with the public during set hours at the museum’s Kimball Education Gallery (free, 1 to 5 p.m. Wednesday through Sunday, plus Friday evenings until 8:45 p.m.). Recent artists have included Shawn Feeney, an artist and musician whose “Musical Anatomy” series featured an inventive tuning-fork helmet that visitors could wear — while he was playing it. In October, the San Francisco artist Carlo Abruzzese transformed census data into meticulous architectural paintings.
每个月，金门公园内的笛洋美术馆(de Young Museum)都会邀请一位新的驻场艺术家，在固定时间段于美术馆的金伯尔教育画廊(Kimball Education Gallery)和公众一起安装艺术作品（免费，星期三到星期日下午1点到5点，星期五下午1点到晚上8点45分）。近期入驻过的艺术家包括肖恩·菲尼(Shawn Feeney)，这位艺术家兼音乐家的“音乐解剖学”(“Musical Anatomy”)系列作品中有一个创意十足的“音叉头盔”——参观者可以佩戴，同时他会用头盔来演奏。十月，旧金山艺术家卡罗·阿布鲁泽斯(Carlo Abruzzese)把人口普查数据变成了一系列严谨细致的建筑绘画。
201512/414905.shtml
Lodging
住宿
Stay at the playful, tech-savvy Hotel Zetta (55 Fifth Street; hotelzetta.com; from $163.20), well situated downtown in SoMa and near the Powell Street BART station; it’s Viceroy Hotels’ first San Francisco property and home to the Cavalier, a modern British-style gastro pub by the local restaurateur-chef team Anna Weinberg and Jennifer Puccio.
可以选择有趣而精通科技的泽塔酒店(Hotel Zetta)（第5街55号；hotelzetta.com；每晚起价163.2美元）。酒店位置极佳，在市中心的市场街南区(SoMa)，附近就是鲍威尔街(Powell Street)的BART车站；该酒店是总督酒店集团(Viceroy Hotels)旗下在旧金山的首个物业，主打“骑士精神”，里面有一家现代风格的英式餐吧，由本地主厨团队安娜·温伯格(Anna Weinberg)和詹妮弗·普奇奥(Jennifer Puccio)主理。
Or try the Buchanan (1800 Sutter Street; thebuchananhotel.com; from $140), the latest revamp from Kimpton Hotels, with 131 minimalist, Japanese-influenced rooms close to Pacific Heights and Japantown.
或者试试布坎南(Buchanan)（沙特街[Sutter Street]1800号；thebuchananhotel.com；每晚起价140美元），这是金普顿酒店集团(Kimpton Hotels)最新改建的酒店，有131间极简风格的日式房间，离太平洋高地(Pacific Heights)和日本城(Japantown)很近。
201512/414905.shtmlForget weeks to find a builder and months for house construction, a machine developed in the United States can build a 232sq m home layer by layer in a single day.
我们不需要再花几周的时间找建筑商或者花数月的时间为房屋施工了。美国研发的一种机器可以在一天之内一层层地打印出232平方米的房子。
University of Southern California's Professor Behrokh Khoshnevis has designed the giant robot that replaces construction workers with a nozzle on a gantry, this squirts out concrete and can quickly build a home according to a computer pattern.
南加州大学教授比赫洛克·霍什内维斯设计了这种能取代建筑工人的大型机器人。这种机器人的机器臂上有喷嘴，从中喷出混凝土，可以根据电脑图纸快速建造出一栋房屋。
The nature of the technology means it will also be possible to create curved walls and architecture that is both "exotic and 'beautiful", according to Prof Khoshnevis.
根据比赫洛克·霍什内维斯教授所言，这项技术的本质意味着它也可能创建出既奇异又好看的弯曲的墙壁和建筑。
As a result, it could be ideal to print out customised luxury homes.
因此，理想中它能打印出私人定制的奢华住所。
Prof Khoshnevis claims that Contour Crafting could slash the cost of homeowning, making it possible for millions of displaced people to get on the property ladder.
比赫洛克·霍什内维斯教授说，“轮廓工艺”可以大幅度削减拥有住房的成本，让成千上万无家可归的人获得房产成为可能。
It could even be used in disaster relief areas to build emergency and replacement housing.
它甚至也可在赈灾区被用来建造应急住所和住房置换。
Furthermore, Prof Khoshnevis believes that the technology could be applied beyond our planet.
而且，比赫洛克·霍什内维斯教授相信这项技术可以被运用到我们的星球以外。
"Contour Crafting technology has the potential to build safe, reliable, and affordable lunar and Martian structures, habitats, laboratories, and other facilities before the arrival of human beings,' his website reads.
他的网站上写道，“‘轮廓工艺’技术或许可以在人类登陆其他星球前，先在月亮和火星上建造起安全可靠而且实惠的建筑、栖息地、实验室以及其他设施。”
3D Food Printer
3D食物打印机
Feel like eating a hamburger? Or would you rather have a pizza? No problem, the 3D food printer will create anything you want, literally at the click of a button.
你想要吃个汉堡包?还是想来份匹萨饼?都没问题，只需按下按钮，3D食物打印机就可以做出任何你想要的美味。
Scientists at Cornell University in New York are developing a commercially viable 3D food printer, which uses raw food "inks" that are fed into the printer and once you load the recipe and press the button, voila!
纽约康奈尔大学的科学家们正研发一款可商用的3D食物打印机，它以食物原料作"墨水"。待原料放人打印机内，用户只要输入食谱，按下按钮，瞧，如此简单，大功告成!
An electronic blueprint states exactly what materials go where and are drawn up using traditional engineering computer-aided design (CAD) software.
科学家拟定的"电子图纸"详细说明了食物原料的调配方法，该图纸是用传统工程学中的计算机辅助设计(CAD)软件绘制而成的。
"FabApps would allow you to tweak your food's taste, texture and other properties. Maybe you really love biscuits, but want them extra flaky. You would change the slider and the recipe and the instructions would adjust accordingly," the Daily Mail quoted Dr. Jeffrey lan Lipton as saying.
英国《每日邮报》援引杰弗里·伊恩·利普顿的话说使用FahApps食物打印机，你可以调整食物的味道、口感和其他特性。或许你很爱吃饼干，但又希望它们更薄，这时你可以拖动控制饼干厚度的滑块，调整食谱，打印食物的指令也就随之更改了。"
So anything that can be loaded into syringes-liquid cheese,chocolate and cake batter-can be printed out! So far, they have had some success creating cookies, cake and "designer domes" made of turkey meat.
因此，任何可以被装入灌注器的食物——比如液体奶醋、巧克力和煎饼——都可以被打印出来。迄今为止，科学家已成功"打印"咄出了饼干、蛋糕以及火鸡肉制作的"特制肉塔"
Homaro Cantu, chef at Chicago's Moto, has "printed sushi using an ink jet printer".
芝加哥Moto餐厅的大厨荷马洛.坎图已经"用食物打印机做出了寿司"。
"You can imagine a 3D printer making homemade apple pie without the need for farming the apples, fertilising, transporting, refrigerating, packaging, fabricating, cooking, serving and the need for all of the materials in these processes like cars, trucks, pans, coolers， etc., said Cantu.
坎图说你可以设想一下，使用3D食物打印机自制苹果派，而无须种苹果、施肥、运输、冷藏、包装、加工、烹饪、上菜，而且不必使用相应的这些生产过程中会用到的汽车、卡车、平底锅、冷藏器等工具。"
"3D printing will do for food what e-mail and instant messaging did for communication."
"3D食物打印机可以方便地制作食物，就如同电邮和即时通讯工具可以使人们快捷地交流沟通一样。"
The world's oceans are full of beauty, but they're also full of pollution. Industrial, agricultural and residential waste all make their way into the oceans, not to mention oil spills and waste from deep-sea mining sites.
我们惊叹海洋的美丽，也感叹海洋污染，各种工业、农业和生活废物流向海洋，还有泄露的原油和各种深海矿采废弃物。
The Sponge Suit bikini, designed by UC Riverside electrical engineering professor Mihri Ozkan, is designed to absorb pollutants from the ocean as its wearer swims around in the sea. It just won first prize in the Reshape15: Wearable Technology Competition.
海绵比基尼，一款旨于吸收海洋污染物的泳衣，由加州大学河滨分校电子工程学教授Mihri设计，穿戴者只要在海里游一游泳、划一划手就能清理污染物。该设计获得了2015年重塑可穿戴技术竞赛一等奖。
In practical terms, the suit wouldn't make much of an impact. However, it does demonstrate the effectiveness of a material designed by Ozkan and her husband, fellow electrical engineering professor Cengiz Ozkan, along with Ph.D. students Daisy Patino and Hamed Bay.
从实用角度看，该泳衣不会有多大影响。然而，该泳衣却证明了研发者研发的这种材料的功用和有效性。
The material, on which development began four years ago, is called Sponge. It is designed for cleaning up oil and chemical spills and desalinating water. It is a water-repelling and highly porous carbon material that is light and flexible. It absorbs everything except water, and can absorb up to 25 times its own weight, depending on the density of the material absorbed.
这种海绵体的材料的研发工作始于4年前。研发之初是为清理海上泄露的石油、化学品以及淡化水的。这是一种斥水、多孔的碳材料，其重量轻、质地柔软，能吸收除水以外的任何东西。取决于被吸收物的密度，它能吸收高达其自身重量25倍的东西。
The idea of adapting the material into a wearable came from architecture and design firm Eray Carbajo, based in New York and Istanbul. The Eray Carbajo team, Pinar Guvenc, Inanc Eray and Gonzalo Carbajo, worked with Ozkan at her laboratory to design the swimsuit.
将这种材料应用到可穿戴设备的理念是由建筑设计公司 Eray Carbajo提出的，该公司总部设在纽约和伊斯坦布尔。这一团队的成员和Ozkan在她的实验室完成了这款泳衣的设计。
"The form of the Sponge Suit is inspired by the super-porous, mesh-like structure of the Sponge material. The final form of the 3D print shell was obtained through the various iterations of the same undulating form," the team wrote. "The filler amount and the allocation were identified by creating several design alternatives, considering the form and the ergonomics of the human body, while pushing the limits in translucent swimwear design."
海绵泳衣的形式是受海绵材料多孔、网状结构的启发而产生的。通过相同波段的反复实验，我们确定了3D打印塑模的最后形式”，这一开发团队说到，“关于填料物的含量和分布，我们设计了好几个设计方案，同时考虑到人体形态和工效这些因素，最终研发了这款半透明泳装设计。”
Lynette Kucsma wants to sell the 21st century’s version of the microwave.The “Foodini”—an automated meal-assembly machine that creates homemade meals faster and more efficiently than human hands—is the first product by Natural Machines, Kucsma’s company.
利奈特o库斯玛想要卖“21世纪版的微波炉”。作为他的自然机器公司推出的第一款产品，Foodini自动化食品加工机，能够更快、更高效地制作家常美食。
Natural Machines is marketing the Foodini as a 3D food printer. That sort of futuristic branding may scare consumers from the supremely out-there concept. Kucsma’s not worried, though.
自然机器公司将Foodini称为一台3D食品打印机。这种颇具未来主义色彩的品牌定位或许会吓跑一批消费者，不过库斯玛并不担心。
“When people first heard about microwaves they didn’t understand the technology, but now 90% of households have microwaves,” she says. “We see the same thing happening with 3D food printing, but on a much faster scale because we adopt technology faster and the technology advances faster.”
“当人们第一次听说微波炉时，他们也不理解微波炉的技术原理，但现在90%的家庭都有微波炉，”她说。“我们认为3D食品打印也会经历这样的发展历程，但人们接受3D食品打印的速度要快得多，因为现在我们采用科技的速度，以及科技进步的速度，都比以往更快了。”
In reality, the Foodini isn’t a 3D printer, per se. 3D printers generally run at one speed and handle a single ingredient: plastic. The Foodini is programmed similarly, but offers multiple speeds and works with numerous ingredients at the same time. The box-shaped contraption is approximately 17 inches wide, 18 inches high and clocks in at 33 pounds.
实际上，Foodini并不是一台严格意义上的3D打印机。3D打印机基本上是按照同一个速度运行的，处理的原材料也只有一种——塑料。Foodini的运行程序和3D打印机类似，但它提供了几种不同的运转速度，并且可以同时处理几种原材料。它的箱型机身大约有17英寸宽，18英寸高，重约33磅。
Natural Machines’s first iteration of the Foodini works best for time-consuming projects like pasta, elaborately shaped breads and cookies. Users first select a recipe from the touch screen or send their own to the Internet-connected machine. They then make the individual components of the dish from scratch and put the components into Foodini’s stainless steel ingredient capsules. From there, Foodini whips up dinner.
作为自然机器公司的第一代Foodini，它最擅长的就是做那些比较耗时的菜，比如意大利面和需要造型的面包及饼干等。用户首先要从触摸屏上选择一份菜谱，或者也可以把自己喜欢的菜谱发送到这台联网的机器上。用户只需要备好原料，并且将原料放进Foodini的不锈钢原料容器就行了，Foodini会完成制作过程。
If the user is making a recipe for ravioli, for instance, the Foodini prints the bottom layer of dough, the filling and the top dough layer in subsequent steps. It reduces a lengthy recipe to two minutes construction time and ensures that no one has to clean a countertop caked with leftover dough and flour.
打个比方，如果用户做的是意大利饺子，Foodini会相继“打印”出下层饺子皮、馅料和上层饺子皮。漫长的包饺子过程会缩短至2分钟，用户也不必在事后收拾粘乎乎的面粉案板了。
Version 1.0 can’t cook or heat food, but Kucsma expects to add those features in future Foodini models. She also anticipates food companies making ready-to-print items, so users can skip the ingredient prep stage entirely.
Foodini的1.0版目前还不能烹饪或加热食物，但库斯玛打算在以后的机型上添加这些功能。库斯玛还预计，食品公司以后或将推出各种“打印耗材”，这样一来用户就可以完全跳过准备食材的环节。
Foodini will go on sale in the mid-2015. “The demand is so high that we’re thinking about rolling out 1,000 machines for our first run,” says Kucsma. The device costs $1,300 and will be available online. Kucsma is initially targeting chefs, but says she’s also been in talks with both corporate retailers and food manufacturers (non-disclosure agreements prevent her from providing company names and details). Kucsma says the food industry is embracing the technology. “They are asking us how this will impact their market and are getting involved quite early to figure out how to get engaged with it.”
Foodini将于2015年年中正式上市。库斯玛表示：“市场需求非常高，我们打算首轮推出1000台机器。”每台Foodini的售价为1300美元，消费者可以从网上订购。库斯玛最初瞄准的目标客户是厨师，但她也表示，她目前也在与企业零售商和食品制造商进行接洽（由于保密协议的缘故，她无法提供合作企业的名称和细节）。库斯玛表示，食品行业非常欢迎这项新技术。“他们问我们，这项技术将对市场产生什么样的影响，而且他们都在积极参与这项技术，以便搞清楚能够如何利用它。”
She adds that culinary professionals see it as a tool to unlock creativity, not as their replacement. “We’re trying to reinvent food experiences, so what [Kucsma] is doing with using technology to change foods fits right into our wheelhouse,” says New York City caterer Peter Callahan, who has thrown events for President Obama and corporate clients Ralph Lauren, Tory Burch and Kate Spade. Callahan plans to purchase a Foodini—and he feels the device’s appeal extends beyond the restaurant kitchen. “[Kucsma] is pricing her machine so it can be purchased by a home cook,” he says. “I could see it being in a lot of houses.”
她补充道，很多专业厨师都把它当作一种释放创意的工具，而并不认为它会抢走自己的饭碗。纽约宴会美食家彼得o卡拉汉曾经为奥巴马以及拉夫o劳伦、托里o伯奇和凯特o斯派德等企业客户提供过宴席。他说：“我们正在致力于彻底改造食物的体验，所以库斯玛利用科技改造食物的做法，和我们的方向是一样的。”卡拉汉自己也打算购买一台Foodini，他认为这台设备的吸引力并不局限在餐厅的厨房里。“它的定价是普通家庭也能承担得起的，所以我认为它会进入很多普通家庭。”
Inventor Alex Lightman has been advising Natural Machines and sees tremendous potential for the hardware to be in any space-crunched cooking space—including airplanes. “People would want to fly on the first airline that uses it because they won’t have to have airline food,” says Lightman. “And ten years from now, if you talk about airline food as a bad thing, people will look at you strange and say that airline food is fabulous.”
自然机器公司的顾问，发明家艾利克斯o莱特曼认为，Foodini在一些烹饪空间狭小的场合下拥有广阔的应用前景——比如在飞机上。“人们可能会想要乘坐第一家使用Foodini的航空公司的航班，因为这样他们就不必吃飞机上的食物了。10年后，如果你再说飞机上的食物难吃，人们可能会用奇怪的眼神看着你，对你说飞机上的食物其实很好吃啊。”
Other large-scale institutions like sports stadiums, transportation hubs and school cafeterias could use it to turn their plastic-tasting offerings into something more gourmet, says Lightman. “Think about someone going to Harvard. If you’re paying that much for tuition, you don’t want to eat crap food.” (Lightman would know; he attended Harvard.
莱特曼还表示，其他大型场所和机构也可以用它制作美食，来取代以往味同嚼蜡的产品，比如体育场馆、交通枢纽和学校食堂等等。“比如有人上了哈佛大学，既然你已经交了那么多学费，你肯定不想吃难吃的饭。”（这一点莱特曼一定深有体会，因为他上过哈佛。）
Interestingly, Natural Machines is based in Spain. After a career working at several startups and as Microsoft’s public relations manager for Europe, Africa and the Middle East, Kucsma followed her husband to Barcelona when he took a new job in 2009. She formed Natural Machines—and the company now has 20 employees scattered across the globe.
有意思的是，自然机器公司实际上是一家西班牙公司。库斯玛在创办该公司之前，曾经在好几家创业公司工作过，并曾担任过微软公司欧洲、非洲及中东地区公共关系经理。2009年，由于她的丈夫在巴赛罗那找到了新工作，她便随丈夫一同搬到巴赛罗那，随后创立了自然机器公司——目前该公司在全球各地已经拥有了20名员工。
Some are working for little or no pay. “To date, we’ve been bootstrapping the company,” says Kucsma. The initial $800,000 in capital has come from the founders (Kucsma started the company with its CEO Emilio Sepulveda and entrepreneurs Alex Moreu and Rosa Avellaneda) and from loans. Natural Machines has secured another $1 million in financing and is looking for an additional $5 million from investors. Later this year, Kucsma plans to relocate to Los Angeles to establish a five-person U.S. base for the operation while keeping company offices in Barcelona and China.
有些员工领的薪水很低，有些甚至是免费工作。库斯玛表示：“到目前为止，我们的发展完全是自力更生。”该公司80万美元启动资金主要来自创始人的投资（库斯玛与CEO埃米利奥o赛普尔韦达和企业家艾利克斯o墨利欧、罗萨o阿韦亚内达等人共同创办了这家公司）和贷款。现在，自然机器公司已经获得了100万美元投资，并且正在试图从投资者手中再拉来500万美元。今年晚些时候，库斯玛打算在洛杉矶开设一间5人的美国总部，同时继续在巴塞罗那和中国设置办事处。
As Kucsma envisions it, one day everyone will be able to tap a button on their smartphones when they head home to tell their Foodini to get to work. By the time the user arrives home, there will be hot, fresh ravioli—or whatever else strikes a user’s fancy—waiting. “We are a food manufacturer, shrunk down for everyone’s personal taste,” she says.
在库斯玛的设想中，总有一天，当我们临近下班时，只要在智能手机上轻轻一点，就可以让Foodini替你在厨房里忙活。等到用户回到家里，Foodini已经为你做好了热腾腾的饺子——或是任何能够挑逗用户味蕾的美食。库斯玛说：“我们是一家食品制造商，只不过是专门针对每个人的独特口味。”
译文仅供参考 译文在上，对照英文在下。
据官方消息显示：苹果计划把最华丽的那款智能手表的起步价定在1万美元。
Well, it is official: Apple plans to charge at least$10,000 for the fanciest version of its upcoming smartwatch.
尽管这个新推出的腕上电脑系列也有349美元的普通款，但《财富》不禁注意到，苹果正举步迈入由博柏利、路易o威登和劳力士等老牌奢侈品牌主导的高价手表圈。实际上，价格动辄超过1万美元的手表相当普遍。在内曼o马库斯等高端商店的玻璃陈列柜里，许多奢侈品牌手表都在相互竞争。
Although the base price for the new wrist computer are $349, Fortune couldn’t help but notice that Apple is also tossing its hat into a ring of high-priced watches dominated by established luxury brands like Burberry, Louis Vuitton and Rolex.
之前就有人猜测，苹果会试图利用高价手表参与奢侈品市场的争夺，而本周一旧金山的苹果发布会则坐实了这一推断。苹果在周一展示的高端手表共有8款，价位从1万美元至1.7万美元不等。其中有一款售价1.7万美元，拥有18K玫瑰金表壳和玫瑰灰表带。你想找一款更实惠的？那试试售价1万美元的白色运动款。
There had been speculation that Apple could try to tackle the luxury market with exorbitantly pricy watches, and Monday’s event in San Francisco confirmed those rumors. The high-end line of watches Apple debuted Monday includes eight models ranging in cost between $10,000 to $17,000. One example is a $17,000 18-karat version with a rose gold case and a rose gray buckle. Looking for a more affordable option? Try the white sport band for $10,000.
在苹果进军智能手表市场之前，已有很多公司抢先推出此类产品，但多数消费者并不买账。根据研究公司NPD Group的调查，美国有十分之一的成年人拥有健身追踪器，但只有2%的成年人拥有智能手表。而高昂的价格会让苹果手表的受众面更加狭窄。
Apple’s move into the smartwatch market comes as a number of companies try to make inroads despite reticence by most consumers. While one in ten U.S. adults own a fitness tracker, only 2% of adults have smartwatches according to research firm NPD Group. The high-priced Apple watches will reach far fewer consumers.
以下是四款其他品牌的手表，售价也都在1万美元以上，而且并不具备无线上网功能。
Here are four other brands selling watches that cost at least $10,000 — and they don’t have WiFi.
1）博柏利“英伦风尚”限量版18K金自动腕表——14,995美元
1) Burberry’s 18K Gold Watch — $14,995
这款博柏利限量版手表男女通用，每一只手表上面都有独立编号，总共只有50只。手表为瑞士制造，拥有防反光、防划痕和抗震的蓝宝石水晶表镜。苹果大可从挖来的零售和在线商店高级副总裁安吉拉o阿伦德茨那里，学一点奢侈品的相关经验，她之前曾担任过博柏利的首席执行官。
This limited edition Burberry is a line of individually numbered watches for men and women, each one created in a series of 50. The watch is Swiss made, and features anti-reflective, scratch and shock-resistant sapphire crystal. Apple could learn a thing or two about luxury from one of its own top leaders: Angela Ahrendts, senior vice president of retail and online stores, had previously served as CEO at Burberry.
2）路易o威登Tambour——10,200美元
2) Louis Vuitton Tambour — $10,200
这家奢侈品牌的Tambour系列瑞士手表专为男士打造。它拥有不锈钢表壳和“黑色金属基复合材料的表圈”，以及不锈钢的表带。
This Swiss-made watch from the luxury brand’s Tambour collection is meant for men. It features a stainless steel case with “Black Metal Matrix Compositebezel,” as well as a stainless steel strap.
3）Dolce & Gabbana DS5——37,500美元
3) Dolce & Gabbana DS5 — $37,500
Dolce & Gabbana在官网上列出了许多手表，却并未给出价格，上面只写着“按需定价”。但DS5金表倒是明码标价了，却相当惊人——34,500欧元，约合37,000美元。掏这么一大笔钱，你就能获得一款拥有“指示小时、分钟、秒、星期、日期，以及计时”功能的手表了。绝不是吹毛求疵，但这些听起来和很多便宜的手表没太多不同——最多是计时准确度上有些微差异。但它的确有一些东西是便宜手表没有的：25颗红宝石，和炭黑鳄鱼皮的表带。
Dolce & Gabbana lists a number of watches on its website without a price tag. Rather, all it says is “prices upon request.” But the DS5 Gold’s price is listed: it is a whooping 34,500 euros, or around $37,000. For that you’ll get a watch that includes “indication of hours, minutes, seconds, day and date, and chronograph.” Not to be argumentative, but that sounds a lot like a most cheap watches – give or take a few seconds in accuracy. But here’s something cheap watches don’t have: 25 rubies and a carbon black alligator strap.
4）劳力士Lady-Datejust——18,750美元（可能更高）
4) Rolex Lady-Datejust — $18,750 (or possibly more)
这款手表的零售价据说是23,850美元（劳力士并未在官网标注价格），但如果你想看看有没有打折的机会，那么在bernardwatch.com上能够以18,750美元的价格买到它。Lady-Datejust诞生于1957年，据劳力士介绍，该表由于非凡的精度，成为了最先一批获得精密计时表认证的女装腕表。
This watch retails for a purported $23,850 (Rolex doesn’t list prices on its website), but if you want to take your chances on a discount, a website called bernardwatch.com sells it for $18,750. The Lady-Datejust has been telling time since 1957 and according to Rolex, was one of the first ladies’ watches certified as a chronometer for its remarkable precision.
重点单词
查看全部解释
constantly
['k?nst?ntli]
想一想再看
adv. 不断地，经常地
innovative
['in?uveitiv]
想一想再看
adj. 革新的，创新的
pictorial
[pik't?:ri?l]
想一想再看
adj. 绘画的 n. 画报
联想记忆
X
单词pictorial 联想记忆：
源于picture（n 图片）
statement
['steitm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 声明，陈述
联想记忆
X
单词statement 联想记忆：
state站，立+ment→站着说话→声明；陈述
issue
['i?ju:]
想一想再看
n. 发行物，期刊号，争论点
vi. & vt
creative
[kri'eitiv]
想一想再看
adj. 创造性的
联想记忆
X
单词creative 联想记忆：
create增长，产生+ive →有创造性的
shatter
['t?]
想一想再看
n. 碎片，乱七八糟的状态
vt. 打碎，破掉
engage
[in'geid?]
想一想再看
v. 答应，预定，使忙碌，雇佣，订婚
cartoon
[kɑ:'tu:n]
想一想再看
n. 动画片，漫画
vt. 为 ... 画漫画
联想记忆
X
单词cartoon 联想记忆：
音译词。Cart＝card纸－漫画是画在纸上的。
spread
[spred]
想一想再看
v. 伸展，展开，传播，散布，铺开，涂撒
n.
重点单词
查看全部解释
constantly
['k?nst?ntli]
想一想再看
adv. 不断地，经常地
innovative
['in?uveitiv]
想一想再看
adj. 革新的，创新的
pictorial
[pik't?:ri?l]
想一想再看
adj. 绘画的 n. 画报
联想记忆
X
单词pictorial 联想记忆：
源于picture（n 图片）
statement
['steitm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 声明，陈述
联想记忆
X
单词statement 联想记忆：
state站，立+ment→站着说话→声明；陈述
issue
['i?ju:]
想一想再看
n. 发行物，期刊号，争论点
vi. & vt
creative
[kri'eitiv]
想一想再看
adj. 创造性的
联想记忆
X
单词creative 联想记忆：
create增长，产生+ive →有创造性的
shatter
['t?]
想一想再看
n. 碎片，乱七八糟的状态
vt. 打碎，破掉
engage
[in'geid?]
想一想再看
v. 答应，预定，使忙碌，雇佣，订婚
cartoon
[kɑ:'tu:n]
想一想再看
n. 动画片，漫画
vt. 为 ... 画漫画
联想记忆
X
单词cartoon 联想记忆：
音译词。Cart＝card纸－漫画是画在纸上的。
spread
[spred]
想一想再看
v. 伸展，展开，传播，散布，铺开，涂撒
n.
重点单词
查看全部解释
constantly
['k?nst?ntli]
想一想再看
adv. 不断地，经常地
innovative
['in?uveitiv]
想一想再看
adj. 革新的，创新的
pictorial
[pik't?:ri?l]
想一想再看
adj. 绘画的 n. 画报
联想记忆
X
单词pictorial 联想记忆：
源于picture（n 图片）
statement
['steitm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 声明，陈述
联想记忆
X
单词statement 联想记忆：
state站，立+ment→站着说话→声明；陈述
issue
['i?ju:]
想一想再看
n. 发行物，期刊号，争论点
vi. & vt
creative
[kri'eitiv]
想一想再看
adj. 创造性的
联想记忆
X
单词creative 联想记忆：
create增长，产生+ive →有创造性的
shatter
['t?]
想一想再看
n. 碎片，乱七八糟的状态
vt. 打碎，破掉
engage
[in'geid?]
想一想再看
v. 答应，预定，使忙碌，雇佣，订婚
cartoon
[kɑ:'tu:n]
想一想再看
n. 动画片，漫画
vt. 为 ... 画漫画
联想记忆
X
单词cartoon 联想记忆：
音译词。Cart＝card纸－漫画是画在纸上的。
spread
[spred]
想一想再看
v. 伸展，展开，传播，散布，铺开，涂撒
n.
重点单词
查看全部解释
constantly
['k?nst?ntli]
想一想再看
adv. 不断地，经常地
innovative
['in?uveitiv]
想一想再看
adj. 革新的，创新的
pictorial
[pik't?:ri?l]
想一想再看
adj. 绘画的 n. 画报
联想记忆
X
单词pictorial 联想记忆：
源于picture（n 图片）
statement
['steitm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 声明，陈述
联想记忆
X
单词statement 联想记忆：
state站，立+ment→站着说话→声明；陈述
issue
['i?ju:]
想一想再看
n. 发行物，期刊号，争论点
vi. & vt
creative
[kri'eitiv]
想一想再看
adj. 创造性的
联想记忆
X
单词creative 联想记忆：
create增长，产生+ive →有创造性的
shatter
['t?]
想一想再看
n. 碎片，乱七八糟的状态
vt. 打碎，破掉
engage
[in'geid?]
想一想再看
v. 答应，预定，使忙碌，雇佣，订婚
cartoon
[kɑ:'tu:n]
想一想再看
n. 动画片，漫画
vt. 为 ... 画漫画
联想记忆
X
单词cartoon 联想记忆：
音译词。Cart＝card纸－漫画是画在纸上的。
spread
[spred]
想一想再看
v. 伸展，展开，传播，散布，铺开，涂撒
n.
To hear Jorge Paulo Lemann describe the corporate philosophy of private-equity group 3G Capital, you’d think he was talking about running a marathon: “You’re running, you’re always close to a limit, you’re working very hard and being evaluated all the time.” That’s what Lemann told Fortune in 2013 in a rare interview for a story about Anheuser-Busch InBev, the beer behemoth born out of a $52 billion buyout that 3G orchestrated in 2008.
如果乍听到乔治o保罗o雷曼描述私募公司3G资本的经营哲学，你可能会以为他谈的是跑马拉松，“你不停地跑，总是快要接近极限，你一直非常努力，而且你的表现会被人全程评估。”这是他在2013年一次难得的采访中告诉《财富》的，那次报道的主题是合并诞生的啤酒巨头安海斯-布希英博，2008年，3G资本精心促成了这一价值520亿美元的并购案。
Now, 3G and Warren Buffett are teaming up on a mega-merger of Heinz and Kraft just seven months after they worked together on Burger King’s $11.4 billion takeover of Canadian chain Tim Hortons. One year before that, they bought ketchup-maker Heinz.
现在，3G资本又和沃伦o巴菲特合作，操刀了亨氏食品和卡夫食品的超大规模合并案。就在七个月前，他们才刚刚一起参与了汉堡王对加拿大咖啡及甜甜圈连锁商蒂姆霍顿斯的收购，交易价值114亿美元。而再往前追溯一年，是他们一起收购了番茄酱制造商亨氏。
In the new deal, Heinz will buy 51% of Kraft. (When rumors of the move first broke, late Tuesday, they bumped Kraft shares up 16% in after-hours trading.) The new corporation, The Kraft Heinz Company, will have around $28 billion in annual revenue, and current Heinz CEO Bernardo Hees will remain chief executive.
在最新的这笔交易中，亨氏将收购卡夫51%的股权（相关传闻首次爆出后，卡夫股价在盘后交易中上涨了16%）。合并后的卡夫亨氏公司年收入将达到约280亿美元，亨氏现任首席执行官贝尔纳多o赫斯将担任新公司的CEO。
So, what can Kraft employees expect next? First: widespread layoffs, lower budgets, new levels of austerity, and a shift in the corporate culture. And then, for shareholders: profit.
那么，卡夫的员工接下来会看到什么呢？首先就是大范围裁员、削减预算、进一步紧缩开支以及公司文化的转变。然后，股东将收获利润。
When 3G led InBev’s hostile takeover of Anheuser-Busch, it quickly cut 1,400 jobs from the American company (75% of them in St. Louis) and brought in Brazilian executives from InBev — itself the result of a 2004 merger of Belgian beer maker Interbrew and Brazilian beer maker Ambev, which was the result of a 1999 merger between Brahma and Antarctica — to run things. They included Lemann protégé Carlos Brito as AB-InBev CEO, and former Ambev exec Luiz Edmond as zone president of North America (effectively CEO of Anheuser-Busch). Industry consultant Tom Pirko told the St. Louis Post-Dispatch at the time that InBev’s top execs are “not known for their gentle demeanor.”
当3G资本牵头完成英博对安海斯-布希的恶意收购后，它马上裁掉了1400名安海斯-布希员工，并引进英博的巴西高管团队入主安海斯-布希。英博本身就是由比利时啤酒公司Interbrew和巴西同行Ambev在2004年合并而成；Ambev则是前巴西啤酒制造商Brahma和Antarctica于1999年合并的产物。其高管包括出任安海斯-布希英博CEO的薄睿拓、任北美区总裁（相当于安海斯-布希CEO）的Ambev公司前高管路易斯o埃德蒙德。当时，接受《圣路易斯邮报》采访的行业顾问汤姆o皮尔科称，英博高层“并不以温和派形象示人”。
AB-InBev quickly earned plaudits, and still does, for its lean operations and profitability. Brito brought to Anheuser-Busch the concept of “zero-based budgeting,” wherein every expense must be newly justified every year, not just new ones, and the goal is to bring it lower than the year prior. “They are a profit- and margin-generating machine,” Harry Schuhmacher, editor of trade publication Beer Business Daily, toldFortune for our 2013 profile on Brito. That reputation comes directly from the 3G handbook.
安海斯-布希英博的精益化运营和盈利能力迅速赢得了赞誉，至今仍好评不断。薄睿拓向安海斯-布希灌输了“从零开始制定预算”的概念。按照这样的思路，每年都要重新审核每一笔开支是否合理，而不仅仅是新增开支。这样做的目的是让预算逐年下降。2013年，《财富》杂志撰写薄睿拓的人物报道时，行业出版物《啤酒业日报》的编辑哈里o舒马赫曾介绍说：“他们是创造利润和提高利润率的机器。” 这样的名声正是源于3G资本的行为方式。
With Heinz, it was the same story. The CEO of 15 years, Bill Johnson, was replaced with 3G partner Bernardo Hees (pronounced “hess”). After his first speech to the 50 top executives, at a Heinz leadership conference in a San Francisco, Hees immediately summoned most of them, one by one, into a separate room to inform them of whether they still had a job. Eleven of the top 12 execs did not — they were swiftly replaced by younger talent from within Heinz or by outside executives who had worked at other 3G-owned companies. Within another month, Heinz announced it would cut 350 of the 1,200 full-time jobs at Pittsburgh headquarters, plus another 250 elsewhere in North America.
收购亨氏后的情况也如出一辙。作为3G资本合伙人，贝尔纳多o赫斯取代了在亨氏担任了15年CEO的比尔o约翰逊。在旧金山召开的亨氏高层会议上，赫斯首次向该公司50名高管发表了讲话。随后，他立即在另一个房间跟大多数高管逐个见面，目的是告知后者是否遭到解雇。在12名最高层负责人中，有11人丢了工作，取而代之的是亨氏内部的年轻才俊以及来自3G资本旗下其他公司的高层。不到一个月后，亨氏宣布，拥有1200名正式员工的匹兹堡总部将裁员350人，北美其他地区的业务也将裁掉250名员工。
At Tim Hortons, where the deal with 3G, Buffett and Burger King was finalized in December, 350 people lost their jobs in January. CBC News in Canada reported that the workers were “blindsided.”
3G资本和巴菲特在去年12月帮助汉堡王完成了对蒂姆霍顿斯的收购。今年1月份，350名蒂姆霍顿斯员工就被炒了鱿鱼。哥伦比亚广播公司加拿大分部的报道说这些员工完全“措手不及”。
It’s all part of what analysts call “the 3G way.” That is not necessarily a Brazilian method, per se, according to Lemann. In fact, he told Fortune that the 3G style has been influenced mostly by American businesses: “We’re a copycat, really. That’s what we are. Most of the stuff we’ve learned has been from Jack Welch, Jim Collins, from GE, from Wal-Mart. We’ve sort of put it all together. Most of the people who are at the top of InBev are people who came from our trainee system, which was developed and worked at Ambev. So they’re at the top not because they are Brazilians, but because these are the people who we were training 20 years ago, and they’re the best-trained people available.”
以上种种就是分析师所说的“3G模式”。据雷曼介绍，这种行为方式并非产自巴西。实际上，他对《财富》杂志表示，在经营风格方面对3G资本影响最大的一直是美国公司。雷曼说：“我们只是照猫画虎，真的。我们就是这样。我们学到的东西大多来自杰克o韦尔奇、吉姆o柯林斯、通用电气和沃尔玛。我们基本上就是把这些融和到了一起。英博的大多数高层都来自我们的培训系统，这个系统由Ambev建立，也为Ambev所用。也就是说，他们身居要职并不是因为他们是巴西人，而是因为他们在20年前就接受了我们的培训，而且是可供挑选的受训者中表现最好的。”
Regardless, the 3G way has come to stand for: extreme transparency; merit-based pay; austere budgeting (“treat the company’s money as your own,” AB-InBev employees are constantly told); promoting young talent quickly; and a spirit of competitiveness. “We’re constantly trying to train new people and we’re constantly telling everybody that the newer people should be better than the old people,” said Lemann. “And you can only go up in the firm if you have picked people as good as yourself or better to be below you.”
不管怎样，3G模式已经成了一种象征，它代表着极高的透明度，基于考评的薪酬，严格的预算（安海斯-布希英博总是这样告诫员工：“要像花自己的钱那样使用公司的资金”），迅速提拔年轻人才以及竞争精神。雷曼说：“我们一直在想办法培训新人，也不停地告诉所有人，新员工应该超过老员工。只有选拔出和你一样出色，甚至更出色的人来做你的下属，你才能得到更好的提升。”
3G rewards loyalty, and AB-InBev’s Brito is a perfect example. He is a product of Lemann’s system. He first met Lemann in 1987 when he was working for Shell Oil and had been accepted to Stanford Business School. Lemann and his partners at the investment bank Banco Garantia ran a scholarship program, and they backed Brito. After finishing business school, Brito went straight to work with 3G partner Marcel Telles at Brahma, a Rio-based brewer that Lemann and his partners had bought. From there, it was a rung-by-rung rise: Brahma to Ambev to InBev to Anheuser-Busch InBev, which now also includes Grupo Modelo.
对忠诚的人3G资本会予以回报，出自雷曼的培训系统的安海斯-布希英博的薄睿拓就是最好的例证。1987年，当时还在壳牌石油工作的薄睿拓第一次见到了雷曼，那时他刚收到斯坦福商学院的录取通知。雷曼当时和他在投资银行加兰蒂亚银行的合伙人管理着一个奖学金项目，为薄睿拓求学提供了资金支持。从商学院毕业后，薄睿拓立即成为3G资本合伙人马塞尔o特莱斯的手下，在雷曼及其合伙人收购的里约啤酒公司Brahma工作。自此开始，从Brahma到Ambev，从Ambev到英博，再到今天的安海斯-布希英博，薄睿拓迎来了一次又一次升迁。现在，墨西哥啤酒公司莫德罗集团也成了安海斯-布希英博的一员。
“There will always be people who don’t like it, especially the ones who were just entitled to be there for historical reasons, the ones who were not performing,” said Luiz Edmond, who now holds a global role as AB-InBev’s chief sales officer, about the 3G culture. “Our processes, our systems, do not allow that. They do not allow you to hide in a nice room, stay for the whole day. No.”
路易斯o埃德蒙德现在是安海斯-布希英博的首席销售官，负责全球事务。对于3G资本的文化，他说：“总会有人不喜欢它，特别是那些只是出于历史原因才待在这里的人，那些毫无建树的人。我们的流程和我们的系统都不允许出现这种情况。它们不允许你躲在舒适的房间里一待就是一整天。绝对不行。”
If that sounds like the work environment for you, the newly formed Kraft Heinz Company may soon be hiring. But first, it’ll likely be cutting.
如果这种工作环境听起来很适合你，新成立的卡夫亨氏公司也许很快就会展开招聘了。不过在此之前，它会做的第一步可能是先裁员。
Ikea has issued a recall for at least 27 million chests and dressers that can easily tip over onto children, injuring or killing them, NBC News confirmed. The furniture giant said Monday that after the three deaths of three children it is no longer selling its "Malm" series products because they "could be a danger," Ikea USA president Lars Peterson told NBC News.
NBC新闻证实，宜家已经宣布召回至少2700万个容易翻倒砸死或砸伤孩子的箱子和梳妆台。这个家居巨头星期三宣布，在发生了三起孩童死亡事件后，它将不再销售Malm系列产品，因为这些产品很危险。宜家美国总裁Lars Peterson告诉NBC新闻。
"Please take them out of the room," Peterson said, adding that customers are eligible for a free repair kit to anchor the furniture to a wall. Refunds will also be offered. The announcement comes after an anchor campaign last year — and amid staggering statistics: every 24 minutes, a child is sent to the emergency room by a falling piece of furniture or a television, according the federal government's watchdog agency, the Consumer Product Safety Commission. Every two weeks, a child dies.
“请将它们移出房间”，Peterson说道，补充说道消费者将有权获得一个免费的修理配件来将家具固定在墙上。也将允许退款。这个声明发布在一个去年的加固家具运动以后——根据联邦政府监查机构和消费者产品安全委员会的一项惊人的统计数据：每24分钟就有一个孩子被掉落的一件掉落的家具或电视送进急诊室。每两周就有一个孩子死亡。
"I never heard of that before," she said, adding that one of her "main goals right now is to just spread the word about anchoring anything that could fall." In a statement to NBC News, Ikea said it issued the recall despite the anchor campaign, which resulted in the company sending out 300,000 kits.
"我从没有听说过这种事，”她说到，补充说她现在的一个主要目标是呼吁固定任何可能掉落的东西在墙上。根据一份NBC新闻的声明，宜家宣布召回，虽然加固家具运动导致公司送出300000套配件。
"It is clear that there are still unsecured products in customers' homes," the statement says. "We believe that taking further action is the right thing to do."
“可以确定的是仍然有不安全的产品存在于消费者的家中，”声明中说到，“我们相信尽早采取行动是正确的。”
What happened: Last year China's currency reached an all-time high against the dollar, gaining 3% to hit 6.05 yuan per dollar. It capped a nice eight-year run since 2005, when the currency finally dropped its strict peg to the dollar. Since then, the liberalized yuan has risen by 35%.
人民币升值历程：去年，人民币兑美元创历史新高，汇率上升3%，达到了6.05元。人民币终于成功完成了长达八年的长跑。2005年，人民币不再单一盯住美元。之后，更加自由的人民币升值了35%。
Why the rise?
人民币为什么升值？
The global economy grew, and Chinese exports expanded in 2013. That's it, more or less. But it's never so easy in China because the central bank keeps tight control over the yuan by basically preventing trade imbalances from driving up the yuan's value too much. (China adsorbed net inflows of 387 billion U.S. dollars last year, according to Deutsche Bank.) For technical reasons, China allows the yuan to trade (you can buy yuan futures on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange), but strict limits are imposed so the currency can't move dramatically day to day.
2013年，全球经济增长，中国出口扩大。基本就是这些原因。但中国的情况更加复杂，因为中国央行一直对人民币实行严格的监管，防范因人民币升值过快造成贸易失衡。【据德意志银行（Deutsche Bank）披露，去年流入中国的净资金为3,870亿美元。】至于技术原因，虽然中国允许人民币交易【投资者可以在芝加哥商品交易所（Chicago Mercantile Exchange）购买人民币期权】，但政府对这类交易实行严格限制，因此，导致人民币不可能每天出现大幅波动。
Why it matters
为什么说人民币升值很重要？
China is in the middle of a rebalancing act, as Michael Pettis, professor of finance at Peking University's Guanghua School of Management, has eloquently pointed out. The yuan's rise is important to China's future, but it can't rise so fast that it imperils China's present. Pettis says the country must let the yuan's value increase so that the real value of household income relative to GDP expands. That is, the higher the yuan's value, the lower the price of imported consumer goods -- and all goods face some kind of import cost. "Even if you're drinking cup of Chinese tea [in Beijing], that had to be transported from Yunnan using oil, steel, trucks, so you're always importing," Pettis says. The flipside is, the more the yuan rises, the less attractive China's exports become to overseas buyers, because a strong currency increases the price foreigners pay for Chinese goods. The government must decide how much wealth it wants to transfer from manufactures to households by letting the yuan rise. Pettis believes if China revalues slowly, the balancing act will play out smoothly -- Chinese exporters gain new domestic customers as they lose overseas ones. But it's too early to say if that's happening. "Who knows whether this is the right pace or not," says Pettis, adding, "It seems to be reasonably successful."
北京大学（Peking University）光华管理学院（Guanghua School of Management）教授迈克尔?佩蒂斯曾坚定地指出，中国正处于再平衡过程中。人民币升值对中国的未来至关重要，但人民币不能升值过快，否则将危及中国的现状。佩蒂斯表示，中国必须允许人民币升值，以增加家庭收入相对GDP的实际价值。也就是说，人民币价值越高，进口消费品的价格就越低——所有商品都将面临一定的进口成本。佩蒂斯说：“就算你只是（在北京）喝一杯中国茶，也必须使用石油、钢铁、卡车把茶从云南运到北京。所以我们始终离不开进口。”但另一方面，人民币价值越高，中国出口商品便会逐渐丧失对海外消费者的吸引力，因为强势的货币必将提高外国人购买中国商品的价格。政府必须想清楚，到底希望通过人民币升值把多少财富从制造商转移到普通家庭手中。佩蒂斯相信，如果中国缓慢调整币值，中国的平衡做法将顺利完成——中国出口商在失去海外客户的同时，可以获得新的国内客户。但现在说这些还为时尚早。佩蒂斯说：“谁也不知道这到底是否是正确的节奏，不过看起来会相当成功。”
What else really matters?
人民币升值还有哪些重要影响？
The yuan's rise is important to China and the world. Just ask any politician in the U.S. who has manufacturers in their district. But what if we're missing the bigger picture, which is not how high the yuan will eventually rise, but rather, can China rebalance another major financial concern: the extreme loads of debt in its economy. George Soros gave his take on China's debt problems earlier this month in a Project Syndicate column. He said when China's central bank took measures to curb excesses in 2012, the economy showed distress. So in 2013 it eased credit, and poof, the economy picked up. "There is an unresolved self-contradiction in China's current policies," he wrote. "Restarting the furnaces also reignites exponential debt growth, which cannot be sustained for much longer than a couple of years." After that, China's political and economic reforms have to kick in and improve the situation. The yuan's moves will likely be consequences of the path China chooses.
人民币升值对中国和世界都非常重要。不妨问问美国那些在选区有制造商的政客。但我们可能忽视了更重大的问题。更重要的并不是人民币最终升到多高，而是中国能否解决另外一个严重的财务问题：超高的债务负担。本月早些时候，乔治?索罗斯在辛迪加项目（Project Syndicate）专栏发表文章，谈到了自己对中国债务问题的看法。他表示，2012年，中国央行采取措施遏制过度放贷，结果导致经济出现低迷。所以，2013年，中国央行放松了对贷款的限制，经济马上就出现了好转。他写道：“中国现行政策存在尚未解决的自相矛盾之处。重新开动炼钢炉将导致债务大幅增加。这种增长模式也许只能持续几年时间。”其次，中国的政治和经济改革必须有效改变现状。人民币未来的走向将取决于中国所选择的道路。
The yuan's next big event
人民币的下一件大事
Its rise in 2014. The same time next year we'll know what the Chinese have accomplished. Did they stay on a steady path, allowing the currency to rise 2-2.5% in 2014 like most Wall Street economists predict today? Or maybe they let it strengthen more, transferring more wealth to households. We'll sort it out in another year.
2014年继续升值。明年这个时候，我们将知道中国取得了哪些成就。2014年，中国是否会像华尔街经济学家们预测的那样，继续允许人民币稳步升值2-2.5%？或者，中国会让人民币更大幅度升值，将更多财富分配给普通家庭。我们拭目以待。
Well, anyone who has ever felt exasperated at the sight of jeans manufactured with holes is about to have a full-on conniption. Nordstrom has seen the mid-aughts trend and raised it some, selling a pair of jeans that come dirty. Yep, these jeans,are replete with a filthy, fake-mud design.
那些曾经一看到破洞牛仔裤就感到恼火的人，现在可能要彻底怒了。诺德斯特龙公司注意到了本世纪初的这股潮流，并打算将其升级。该公司推出了一款脏范儿牛仔裤。是的，这款牛仔裤上满是脏脏的假泥巴设计。
They are made in Portugal, by a company called PRPS, which specializes in distressed jeans covered in holes, rips and patches.
泥巴牛仔裤由一家名为PRPS的公司在葡萄牙生产。该公司专营破洞、裂口、打补丁的破旧牛仔裤。
The jeans, called "Barracuda Straight Leg Jeans" and described on Nordstrom's website as "heavily distressed," are said to "embody rugged Americana workwear that's seen some hard-working action with a crackled, caked-on muddy coating that shows you're not afraid to get down and dirty." The price of pretending you've been hard at work doing manual labor? A leisurely $425.
泥巴牛仔裤名为“Barracuda直筒牛仔裤”，诺德斯特龙的网站称其“非常破旧”。据称，这款牛仔裤“体现了美洲重体力劳动工作服的粗犷特点。上面干裂、结块的泥巴涂层给人一种你不怕辛苦和脏乱的感觉”。那么假装辛勤从事体力劳动要花多少钱？不贵，也就425美元。
Photos of the Barracuda Straight Leg Jeans went viral online recently, with people leaving all kinds of snarky reviews on the Nordstrom website.
Barracuda牌直筒牛仔裤的图片近日在网上走红，人们在诺德斯特龙的网站上留下了各种尖锐的评论。
"Gotta love being able to look like I have fed the pigs, helped deliver a calf, and get the tractor unstuck without ever having to leave my BMW. Love it," one person wrote.
有人写道：“我会喜欢上自己不用离开宝马车就能看起来像是喂过猪、帮小牛接生、把拖拉机弄出陷坑的样子。”
"These are perhaps the best jeans I've ever owned. Perfectly match my stick on calluses,” another commented.
还有人评论道：“这可能是我穿过最好的牛仔裤，和我贴的老茧真是太搭了。”
Nordstrom eventually removed the reviews, but the onslaught continued on Facebook, Twitter and the comment sections of major news sites. They even got a comment out of Mike Rowe, the famous host of popular Discovery Channel show "Dirty Jobs".
诺德斯特龙最终删掉了这些评论，但是脸书、推特以及主流新闻网站评论区的骂声还在持续。甚至连发现频道人气节目《干尽苦差事》的著名主持人麦克?罗也加入评论。
“The Barracuda Straight Leg Jeans aren't pants. They're not even fashion. They're a costume for wealthy people who see work as ironic – not iconic,” Rowe wrote on Facebook.
罗在他的脸书页面上写道：“Barracuda牌直筒牛仔裤不是裤子。它甚至算不上时尚。这是一些有钱人的戏服。这些人不认为工作神圣，而觉得好笑。”
Ainsley Eardhardt of Fox & Friends apparently shares the same opinion. “It's for the kid who inherits the millions of dollars, the kid who doesn't want to work hard and wants to go into Nordstrom, pay a lot of money and act like they work,” she said on the show.
《福克斯和朋友们》节目中的安斯利?伊恩哈德亦有同感。她在节目上说：“泥巴牛仔裤是给继承了上百万美元的小孩儿准备的，这种孩子不想努力工作，只想走进诺德斯特龙百货，花大手笔假装自己干了活。”
But if you're one of the few people who actually find these jeans cool, I've got a tip for you. You're going to love this. PRPS also makes a matching $425 fake mud-caked denim jacket. And guess what, Nordstrom is also selling that one. You're welcome!
如果你是少数几个认为这款牛仔裤真心时髦的人，我可以给你点小建议。你会喜欢这件衣服的。PRPS公司还生产了同款的泥巴牛仔服，售价也是425美元。而且你猜怎么着，这件牛仔服也在诺德斯特龙有售。不用谢！
For the first time, airline passengers have been blacklisted for uncivilized behavior. Their names will remain on the blacklist for one or two years, according to an announcement by the China Air Transport Association on last Saturday.
近日，中国航空公司第一次将行为不文明的旅客列入了黑名单。中国航空运输协会上周六发布声明称，这些旅客的名字将会在黑名单上记录1年或2年。
Already fined for their actions, the three people named are the first to be put on the blacklist since the regulations on keeping a record of uncivilized air passengers took effect on Feb 1. The blacklisting means they will not be able to travel by air until their names are removed from the list.
这三名旅客已经因他们的行为而受到了罚款的处罚，他们也是自今年2月1日开始实施《民航旅客不文明行为记录管理办法》以来第一批被列入黑名单的旅客。这份黑名单意味着，直到他们的名字从中删除，否则他们将不能搭乘飞机。
Whether by using an electronic device against the instructions of the cabin crew while a plane was landing, or by throwing a carton of milk at security personnel when told to drink the milk before passing through security, or by pushing a member of the ground staff onto the floor to express grievance at the delay of a flight, the three showed no regard to the rules they should follow or to decent behavior.
这3名旅客无视应当遵守的规定，行为举止肆无忌惮，他们或不听从机组人员指令在飞机下降阶段使用电子设备，或在过安检前被要求喝掉牛奶时将一盒牛奶砸向安检工作人员，亦或因不满所乘航班延误而将一名地勤人员推倒在地。
There have been frequent reports of passengers making a scene when their flight was delayed.
已经有大量报道指出，当乘客所乘的航班延误时，他们大多会大吵大闹。
Yet it is natural for some flights to be delayed because of reasons such as bad weather or mechanical problems that need to be solved. However, some passengers seem to take it for granted that their flight must take off at the time stated on their ticket, and they even assume that the members of the cabin crew are simply there to do their bidding.
但是，由于天气恶劣或需要解决机械问题等原因，一些航班延误是很自然的。不过，一些乘客似乎想当然地认为，他们的航班必须按照机票上的时间准时起飞，他们甚至认为，机组人员只是在那里做乘客要求做的事情。
They forget that they should behave themselves in the first place and that respect is reciprocal. There is no reason for them to be respected when they do not show enough respect for others. Abiding by rules can never be overestimated when it comes to flight safety. No one has the right to disregard the rules for any reason.
这些乘客忘记了他们首先应该按照规矩办事，并且尊重是相互的。当他们没有对他人表现出足够尊重的时候，他们也没有理由被尊重。当涉及到飞行安全的时候，遵守规定怎么强调也不过分。没有人因为任何理由有权利无视规定。
The blacklisting of these three passengers should serve for others to know they have to toe the line.
这三名列入黑名单的乘客应该能让其他人意识到，他们必须遵守规定。
MPW Insider is one of several online communities where the biggest names in business answer timely career and leadership questions. Today’s answer for: How do you disagree with your boss? is written by Kathy Bloomgarden, CEO of Ruder Finn.
MPW内部网络是一个邀请最有影响力的商界女性及时解答职业与领导力问题的在线社区。今天的问题是：怎样提出与上司相反的意见？以下是罗德公关公司CEO步春歌的回答。
It is important to speak up, and this sometimes means disagreeing with your boss. Getting disagreements on the table make it possible to challenge a problem and gain alignment – without this, teams can’t move forward in the same direction. Also, tensions get buried and that eventually creates problems. With markets changing so fast, and many business models in transition, real debates on strategy, direction, and targets are extremely critical today.
我们应该大声表达出自己的观点，但有时你与老板的想法并不一致。把不同的意见摆在桌面上讨论，可以让我们直面问题并最终统一思想，否则团队就无法朝着同一个方向继续前进。而且，如果掩盖而不是解决矛盾，最终只会导致更严重的问题。市场瞬息万变，很多商业模式也在变化之中，因此，关于战略、方向和目标展开真刀实枪的辩论，在今时今日尤为重要。
But how do you challenge the boss? Personalities are different so there will always be variations on how to approach this type of discussion, but I think there are three points that are essential to every conversation:
但是，我们应该采用何种方式提出相反意见呢？人们的性格各不相同，所以对待这种讨论的方式也总是有所差异。但我认为，对于这类谈话来说，有三个基本要素普遍适用。
1.) Present the facts.Start the conversation with an analytical assessment of how you came to your conclusion and why your perspective is different. Steer clear of framing your points as opinion or emotionally-based.
1）陈述事实。你为什么持有这种观点？为什么你看待这个问题的角度与老板不同？你应该在谈话之初就给出背后的分析思路。千万避免把你的想法表现得具有主观色彩或者带有情绪化色彩。
2.) Think it through.Chart out the risks and benefits of both paths – your recommendation and that of your boss’. Don’t leave room for surprises!
2）深思熟虑。想清楚你和老板支持的两种不同方案的风险与收益。不要出现任何意想不到的突发状况！
3.) Own what you’re suggesting.Be transparent about what you can deliver, over what timeframe, and what resources you will need. It’s important to be specific and clear.
3）对你的建议负责。要清楚说明你可以做些什么，什么样的时间框架，需要多少资源。一定要具体、清晰。
The most dangerous elements of disagreeing with your boss are emotionally charged conversations, lack of clarity on why you disagree, and confusion about the choices on the table. Don’t get caught in these traps, and your chances of having a productive talk will be greatly enhanced.
与老板观点相左时，最危险的事情莫过于表现得情绪化，或是不能清楚说明你反对的原因，或是对于各种可选方案混淆不清。如果你能避免这些陷阱，就能更有效地提出建设性意见了。（财富中文网）
The landscape of mergers and acquisitions is littered with business flops, some catastrophic, highly visible disasters that were often hugely hyped before their eventual doom. Today marks the 15th anniversary of one such calamity when media giants AOL and Time Warner combined their businesses in what is usually described as the worst merger of all time. But what happened then will happen again, and ironically for the exact same reasons.
企业在并购之后出现经营状况急转直下的案例比比皆是。在最终惨淡收场前，人们经常会把一些明明是商业灾难的并购吹得天花乱坠。今年是美国在线和时代华纳合并15周年。此次并购就属于这种惨剧，它常被视为有史以来最糟糕的合并案。但历史总会重演，而且具有讽刺意味的是，原因也非常相似。
A lot of people thought that the merger was a brilliant move and worried that their own companies would be left behind. At the time, the dot-coms could do no wrong, and AOL AOL -1.27% was at the head of the pack as the ‘dominant’ player. Its sky-high stock market valuation, bid up by investors looking for a windfall, made the young company more valuable in market cap terms than many blue chips. Then CEO Steve Case was already shopping around before the Time Warner opportunity came up.
当时，许多人都认为美国在线和时代华纳合并极为明智，而且担心自己的公司会因此被甩在后面。在那个时候，互联网公司的一举一动都是对的，而美国在线正是这一领域的龙头企业。该公司市值极高，在盼望大赚一笔的投资者的追捧之下，甚至超过了许多蓝筹股。在时代华纳合并的机会出现之前，时任美国在线首席执行官的史蒂夫o凯斯已经在四处寻找并购目标。
On the other side, Time Warner anxiously tried, and failed, to establish an online presence before the merger. And here, in one fell swoop, was a solution. The strategy sounded compelling. Time Warner TWC -0.93% , via AOL, would now have a footprint of tens of millions of new subscribers. AOL, in turn, would benefit from access to Time Warner’s cable network as well as to the content, adding its layer of so-called ‘user friendly’ interfaces on top of the pipes. The whole thing was “transformative” (a word that gets really old really fast when reading about this period). Had these initial assumptions been borne out, we might be talking today about what a visionary deal it was.
另一方面，时代华纳在这次合并前曾急切尝试开展网络业务，但以失败告终。此时，一条出路从天而降，而且听起来很有吸引力。通过美国在线，时代华纳将获得一千万新用户；作为回报，美国在线可以使用时代华纳的有线电视网络以及内容，并为后者的业务提供所谓的“用户友好”界面。这项并购是“革命性的”（阅读这个时期的文献时会发现，这个词确实已经落伍，而且落伍速度非常之快）。如果这些初步设想真的变为了现实，如今人们的措辞就会变为“多么具有远见卓识的交易”。
Merging the cultures of the combined companies was problematic from the get go. Certainly the lawyers and professionals involved with the merger did the conventional due diligence on the numbers. What also needed to happen, and evidently didn’t, was due diligence on the culture. The aggressive and, many said, arrogant AOL people “horrified” the more staid and corporate Time Warner side. Cooperation and promised synergies failed to materialize as mutual disrespect came to color their relationships.
两家公司在文化整合方面从一开始就存在问题。当然，参与合并的律师和其他专业人士在数据方面按部就班地做了尽职调查。而同样需要做尽职调查的还有文化，但他们显然没有进行这项工作。美国在线的人员雄心勃勃，而且在许多人看来都很自大，他们让较为保守且更有组织性的时代华纳同事“吓了一跳”。双方的互不尊重导致了不和，因此，合作与预期的协同效应都未能实现。
A few scant months after the deal closed, the dot com bubble burst and the economy went into recession. Advertising dollars evaporated, and AOL was forced to take a goodwill write-off of nearly $99 billion in 2002, an astonishing sum that shook even the business-hardened writers of the Wall Street Journal. AOL was also losing subscribers and subscription revenue. The total value of AOL stock subsequently went from $226 billion to about $20 billion.
完成合并没几个月，网络泡沫即告破裂，经济陷入衰退。广告收入化为泡影。2002年，美国在线被迫注销了近990亿美元的商誉减值损失，这个数字令人瞠目结舌，就连见惯世面的《华尔街日报》记者也不禁大吃一惊。美国在线出现了订阅用户流失，订阅收入不断下降。该公司的市值随即从2260亿美元降至200亿美元。
The business was up against a phenomenon I refer to as transient advantage; namely when a combination of capabilities that at one point made a firm a leader, erodes and is replaced by the next form of competitive advantage. AOL was indeed the king of the dial-up Internet world, but that world was rapidly being supplanted by always-on, much faster broadband. At the time of the merger, half the country had Internet access, yes, but only 3% had broadband. AOL’s business model – originally based on payment for usage and subsequently for a monthly subscription – was about to implode. The eventual divorce of the two businesses was inevitable.
我把美国在线遭遇的现象称为短暂优势。它是指公司能够依靠部分综合能力在某一时段处于领先位置，但当新形式的竞争优势出现后，原有的竞争优势就会受到侵蚀并被取代。在拨号上网领域，美国在线的确是一位王者，但拨号上网很快就被宽带取代，后者可以一直保持在线状态，而且速度要快得多。两公司合并时，美国有一半人都可以接入网络，但使用宽带的仅占3%。美国在线最初的业务模式是按使用收费，随后变成了按月收费，当时这种模式已经处于崩溃边缘。二者最终分手在所难免。
This leads me to a cautionary note about today’s crop of digital darlings, many valued in the billions. According to the Wall Street Journal, there are at least 48 venture-capital backed companies with an implied value of over $1 billion, while the number of such companies peaked at 10 during the height of the 2000 dot-com boom. Moreover, these firms – not yet profitable, not yet stable and not yet assessed by normal market metrics – are burning through vast amounts of cash each month.
有鉴于此，我对如今的这批科技宠儿心存戒虑。它们中有许多估值都高达数十亿美元。《华尔街日报》提供的信息显示，目前获得风投资金支持且估值超过10亿美元的公司至少有48家。而在本世纪初网络热潮的顶峰时期，这样的公司最多也不过10家。此外，这些公司尚未盈利，也不够稳定，而且没有经过常规市场标准的检验——它们目前所做的只是每个月大把地烧钱。
As Berkeley University’s Steven David Solomon observed, even old ideas (think grocery delivery!) are being recycled in what he describes as a “frenzy” of investors pursuing startups seemingly at any price. Uber, for instance, has a valuation of $41 billion, even though total taxi revenue in the United States is about $11 billion a year.
正如加州大学伯克利分校法学院教授史蒂芬o戴维o所罗门观察到的，就连一些老概念（比如生鲜快递）也出现了回炉另造的情况，成为所罗门所说的一股“热潮”，即身在其中的投资者似乎在不惜代价地追捧这些初创型企业。举例来说，租车服务商Uber估值410亿美元，而美国整个出租车行业的年收入也不过110亿美元左右。
Billion dollar acquisitions of these young firms and the desperation of venture capitalists to be part of the next Whatsapp acquisition or Facebook or Twitter IPO have created exactly the kind of pressures that can cause them to redouble their investments, hoping that the beneficiaries will be “the” category leader and shut everyone else out. One or two of the new crop of hot startups may well accomplish this, but the reality is that most of them won’t.
在诸多因素的推动下，例如斥资数十亿美元收购初创公司和风投资本家的铤而走险，类似于收购Whatsapp或者Facebook以及Twitter首发上市的情况还会出现。正是这些因素带来的压力让他们再三翻倍押注这些初创企业，同时，他们也盼望着自己的投资对象能成为该领域的龙头企业，并将竞争对手都排除在市场之外。在这些新出现的热门初创公司中，可能会有一、两家顺利实现这样的目标；但其他大多数都做不到这一点，这就是现实。
So if you’re an investor excited about the prospect of potential new business combinations, take a few minutes to check out this all-too common recipe for failure:
因此，如果大家作为投资者对某些潜在新业务的前景感到兴奋时，请花几分钟时间来核对一下它是否具有下列极其普通，但会导致失败的特征：
o Untested assumptions are taken as facts.
o 把未经检验的假设当做事实。
o Few opportunities exist for inexpensive, low-commitment testing.
o 几乎没有什么机会进行成本低、投入少的检验。
o Leaders are convinced they have the answer and not willing to change
o 负责人相信自己掌握着答案，不愿改弦易辙。
o Huge up-front investment, rather than a staged or sequenced flow of resources.
o 前期投资巨大，而不是分阶段或者按顺序使用一系列资源。
o Massive uncertainty and a sense of time pressure.
o 不确定性非常高，而且有时限上的压力。
Put these ingredients together and the result is often toxic. My advice: It’s much better to take a look at the assumptions behind that “transformative” startup before diving in head first with your checkbook.
这些因素合在一起经常会产生不利结果。我的建议是，在拿着支票簿大笔一挥之前，最好是斟酌一下这些“革命性”初创公司背后的假设。（财富中文网）
Rita Gunther McGrath is a professor of business strategy at Columbia Business School and author of The End of Competitive Advantage: How to Keep Your Strategy Moving as Fast as Your Business.
里塔o甘瑟o麦克格莱斯是哥伦比亚商学院商业策略教授，著有《竞争优势的终结：怎样让策略和业务同步发展》一书。
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. This article below was originally published at Entrepreneur.com
本文为与《创业者》杂志的合作内容。原文最初发表于Entrepreneur.com网站。
The success of a startup is determined by the people who make up its team. When looking to make improvements to their businesses in the new year, CEOs should focus their attention on the satisfaction of their employees.
一家初创公司的成功，取决于创业团队中的每一位成员。当CEO们在新的一年致力于改善公司业绩的时候，他们应该着重关注员工的满意度。
Improving career growth opportunities, team collaboration and communication can help propel a company forward in the new year. Here are 10 resolutions for CEOs to improve workflow and job satisfaction among team members:
增加职业发展机会，促进团队合作与沟通，可以推动公司在新的一年向前发展。那么，CEO们究竟如何完善团队成员的工作流程和满意度呢？以下是十条建议：
1. Realign around vision and mission
1. 重申公司使命与愿景
Without a clear understanding of a company’s vision, mission and culture, employees can get lost in the dark with little direction or motivation. Remind team members what the company stands for and the grand vision being brought to life. The New Year is the perfect time to refocus everyone around the company’s mission to ensure that employees are excited and inspired by their work.
如果没有充分理解一家公司的愿景、使命和文化，员工就会迷失方向，失去动力。要提醒团队成员公司的价值主张和宏伟愿景。新年是让所有人重新了解公司使命的最佳时间，可以确保员工对自己的工作感到兴奋，并受到鼓舞。
2. Clarify roles
2. 明确职责
Not only should team members have a feel for the organization as a whole, but they should know where and how they, and others, fit into the team. Without set responsibilities and expectations, work gets muddled, employees take on extra work, and teams become burdened and frustrated. Clearly define and communicate the roles and responsibilities of team members and leaders across the company to keep everyone on task and improve productivity.
团队成员不仅要有集体荣誉感，还应该知道每个人如何融入到团队当中。如果没有明确的职责和预期，工作会变得混乱，员工要从事额外的工作，整个团队会不堪重负，士气低落。因此，公司应该明确规定和传达团队成员和公司领导人的职责范围，进而使所有人专注于自身的任务，提高工作效率。
3. Monitor success
3.衡量成功
Constantly measure success, assess what’s working and what’s not, and make adjustments to improve the product or organization. Everyone should have key performance indicators to focus on with measurable objectives attached to them. Set up a streamlined review process to measure, encourage and reward progress.
持续衡量成功，评估有效和无效的工作，及时做出调整，以完善产品或组织。每个人都应该有需要特别重视的关键绩效指标，包括针对每个人的可测量目标。设置合理的评估流程，对每个人的进度进行测量、鼓励和奖励。
4. Empower employees
4. 授权于员工
Autonomous workplaces are happy ones. Step back and give employees the room they need to complete the job they were hired for. A survey of 2,000 office workers conducted by AtTask and Harris interactive found that 35 percent of those surveyed said they lose valuable working time to excessive oversight. Check that employees have the tools and the freedom to do their job and to have challenging and fulfilling careers.
自主化的工作场所才能令员工感到快乐。退后一步，给员工足够的空间，让他们去完成自己的本职工作。项目管理软件公司AtTask和哈里斯互动调查公司对2,000位上班族进行的调查发现，35%的受访者认为过多的监督会浪费宝贵的工作时间。保证员工具备完成工作所需的工具与自由，让他们拥有一段充满挑战性和成就感的职业生涯。
5. Invest in middle management
5. 加大对中层的投入
Although the third layer of management, usually directors who report to vice presidents or those who are two to three levels below the CEO, are extremely important to the success of an organization — they are often too removed to regularly connect with the CEO. Invest heavily in these managers, hold forums specifically for all middle managers, and check in with them to ensure effective team management.
第三级管理者，通常是向副总裁直接汇报的总监或比CEO低二至三级的管理者。尽管这个级别的管理者对公司的成功至关重要，但他们与CEO的级别相差太大，很难有经常交流的机会。加大对这些管理者的投入，专门为所有中层管理者举办论坛，并经常与他们交流，这样才能确保有效的团队管理。
6. Train and educate team members
6. 培训和教育团队成员
Improve and advance the skills of employees by launching an internal “university,” essentially a professional development and training program, in which team members can earn certifications. Rewarding excellence in the program will help to sharpen the skills of top talent while improving job satisfaction and fostering career growth.
成立内部“大学”，特别是那种能够为团队成员提供认证的职业发展与培训项目，来完善和提高员工的技能。奖励在项目中表现优异的员工，一方面可以进一步提高优秀员工的能力，同时又能改善工作满意度，促进职业发展。
7. Improve communication
7. 改善沟通
Relying on email as the sole means of communication is ineffective and does little to build working relationships. Among professionals surveyed by AtTask, 43 percent felt that email takes away from their productivity. Instead, encourage face-to-face interaction when possible and invest in other communication tools such as a social video portal, internal webcasts, enterprise social networking tools and an internal blog.
将电子邮件作为唯一的沟通方式，是一种效率低下的做法，对于建立工作关系没有太大帮助。AtTask调查的职业人士当中，有43%感觉电子邮件影响了他们的工作效率。因此，公司应该鼓励尽可能面对面的互动，并且投资其他沟通工具，例如社交视频网站、内部网络广播、企业社交网络工具和内部博客等。
8. Settle HR issues immediately
8. 迅速解决人力资源问题
It shouldn’t take months or even weeks to address personal HR requests and issues. Define a rigid timeline to settle these problems and the turnaround for other items such as updated offer and merit letters, and stick to it.
公司不该花数周甚至数月时间去解决团队成员就人力资源事务提出的请求和问题。要明确解决这类问题的严格时间线，以及其他事务的正常周期，比如何时更新工作邀请和绩效档案等，并遵照执行。
9. Streamline onboarding
9. 改善新员工入职流程
Evaluate the current onboarding process and look for areas of improvement. Ask new employees for their feedback within their first six months and take their considerations seriously. A more effective onboarding process will mean smoother transitions, a more productive team and less employee turnover.
评估目前的新员工入职流程，找出需要改善的地方。在入职满六个月后，征求新员工的反馈意见，并认真对待他们的想法。更有效的新员工入职流程，将意味着更平稳地过渡、更有效率的团队和更低的员工流动率。
10. Hold regular meetings
10. 定期召开会议
Employees should have regular interaction with top leadership, key executives and the CEO. Set aside specific times for team members to meet with senior leadership to gain a wide perspective on company-wide goals and progress, and to voice their concerns, discuss problems and give their feedback and input.
员工应该定期与最高领导层、主要高管和CEO进行互动。要为团队成员留出与管理高层交流的时间，使他们可以从更广泛的视角了解公司的目标与发展情况，说出自己的担忧，讨论问题，提供反馈和意见。（财富中文网）
Yekutiel is co-founder, chairman and CEO of Kaltura Inc.
本文作者耶库特为Kaltura公司联合创始人、董事长兼CEO。
When LinkedIn unveiled its data-fueled list of “the most sought-after employers in the world” a few months ago, the companies at the very top of the heap came as no surprise: Google, followed by Apple.
几个月前，LinkedIn基于大量统计资料，发布了“全球最受欢迎雇主”榜单。排名最靠前的公司毫不令人意外：谷歌，随后是苹果。
But coming in at No. 3—ahead of Microsoft and Facebook—was a very different breed of business: consumer-products giant Unilever, whose Dutch roots stretch back more than 140 years.
但在微软和Facebook之上，高居第三位的却是一个完全不同类型的公司：日用消费品巨头联合利华，这家创建于荷兰的公司的历史可以追溯到140多年前。
How did that happen? CEO Paul Polman is convinced that Unilever, which draws about 2 million job applicants annually, has turned into a magnet for recruiting and retaining workers because it is considered a place of purpose.
联合利华凭什么？该公司首席执行官保罗o波尔曼认为，每年吸引约200万求职者的联合利华，仿佛就像一块吸引和留住员工的磁铁，因为这里被认为是一家目标明确的公司。
With an original vision to “make cleanliness commonplace,” Unilever has a long of history of thinking broadly about its mission. “It’s in the DNA of the company,” Polman says. But since taking the helm in 2009, he has more closely tied Unilever’s core strategy to having a positive impact on the environment and public health—and that, Polman says, is generating “enormous opportunities.”
联合利华起初的愿景是“使洁净成为寻常之事”，他们有着深入思考公司使命的悠久历史。波尔曼表示：“这是我们公司的特色。”但自从2009年接掌这家公司后，他就改变了联合利华的核心战略，致力于推动公司对环境和公共卫生产生更加积极的影响。波尔曼表示，这种战略创造了“巨大的机遇”。
Not long ago, Polman notes, the keeper of Dove, Lifebuoy, Pond’s, Lipton, Ben & Jerry’s, Hellmann’s, Knorr, and hundreds of other brands was “not on the radar screen in the U.S.” Last year, the company saw a 65% rise in job applications from American college students compared to 2013.
波尔曼指出，不久前，这家坐拥多芬、卫宝、旁氏、立顿、Ben & Jerry’s、Hellmann’s、家乐以及其他数百个品牌的公司仍“不在美国大众的视线之内。”然而到了2014年，联合利华收到的美国大学生求职申请数量比前一年提高了65%。
Meanwhile, Unilever’s employee engagement scores have climbed 12% since Polman started as CEO, according to the company. “If you peel the onion on that, it really is the pride people have,” Polman says. Putting purpose at the center of everything the corporation does is “incredibly motivating for our employees.”
与此同时，联合利华的数据显示，自从波尔曼担任首席执行官起，公司员工的敬业度评分提高了12%。波尔曼说：“就其实质而言，这说明员工们真的拥有强烈的自豪感。”公司将目标置于一切事物的最中心，这“极大地激励了我们的员工。”
This is especially the case for members of the Millennial generation, who, in the words of a study by consulting firm PwC, are eager “to contribute something to the world and … want to be proud of their employer.” Says Polman: If members of Gen Y don’t believe in what you’re doing, “they don’t want to work with you.”
对于80后和90后员工而言，情况尤其如此。用普华永道咨询公司一份研究报告中的话来说，这些年轻人迫切地“想要为世界做点什么……想要以他们的公司为傲。”波尔曼表示：如果80后和90后不认可你的做法，“他们就不想与你共事。”
None of this is shocking. “Humans, by their nature, seek purpose—to make a contribution and to be part of a cause greater and more enduring than themselves,” writes Daniel Pink in Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us. Abraham Maslow, Douglas McGregor, Frederick Herzberg, Peter Drucker, and other great management thinkers said similar things more than half a century ago.
这一切都并不令人震惊。丹尼尔o平克在《驱动力：有关激励的惊人真相》一书中指出：“追求目标——投身于比他们自身更伟大、更持久的事业，并成为其中的一部分——是人类的天性。” 在半个多世纪之前，亚伯拉罕o马斯洛、道格拉斯o麦格雷戈、弗雷德里克o赫茨伯格和彼得o德鲁克等伟大的管理学先哲也都有过类似的说法。
So, why don’t more companies behave the way Unilever does?
那么，为什么没有更多公司仿效联合利华的做法呢？
For one, many executives underestimate how difficult it is to build this kind of culture. That doesn’t mean every company needs to make grand pronouncements like Unilever has done. (Case in point: Polman has described his company as “the world’s biggest NGO.”) Having purpose simply requires being clear about how you’re delivering value to your customers while taking responsibility for whomever and whatever you touch.
原因之一在于，许多高管低估了建立这种文化的难度。这并不意味着所有公司都要像联合利华那样发布宏伟的宣言。（一个恰当的例子是，波尔曼曾把联合利华描述为“全球最大的非营利性组织”。）拥有目标，只是要求公司清楚该如何把自己的价值观传达给顾客，并为一切接触的人和事物负责。
The problem is, many companies are fuzzy about their mission. And all too often, “corporate social responsibility” amounts to nothing more than trotting out a few empty slogans, cutting some checks for charity, holding a day of service for employees, or setting up a CSR department that has no actual input into major decisions.
问题在于，许多公司没有搞清他们的使命。太多情况下，“企业社会责任”的意义只是喊几句空洞口号，在账上拨点钱用于慈善，给员工组织一天的公益活动，或是建立一个无法对重大决策施加实质性影响的企业社会责任部门。
Unilever UN 1.35% , by contrast, rigorously measures and reports its progress against three ambitious goals it aims to reach by 2020: helping more than a billion people across the globe improve their health and well-being; halving the environmental footprint of its products; and sourcing 100% of its agricultural raw materials sustainably while enhancing the livelihoods of those working across its supply chain.
而联合利华正好相反，该公司严格地测算和报告他们准备在2020年达成的三个雄心勃勃的目标的进展情况：帮助全球10亿以上的人口提高健康和幸福水平；将公司产品对环境的负面影响减半；农业原材料要具有100%的可持续性，同时提高供应链工人的生活水平。
What’s more, the company has committed to doing all this while doubling the size of its business, to about $100 billion. (Unilever derives nearly 60% of its sales from emerging markets.)
此外，该公司还决心在做到这一切的同时，将业务规模翻番，达到1,000亿美元。（联合利华的近六成销售额来自新兴市场。）
On the ground, these objectives manifest themselves in many ways, like the recent launch of the Toilet Board Coalition, a cross-sector group that is trying to find scalable, market-based solutions to what it calls “the sanitation crisis.” Could this Unilever-led effort make a difference in the lives of the 2.5 billion people around the world who lack access to a safe, clean toilet? Quite possibly. Could it also help Unilever sell more bottles of Domestos, its bathroom germ killer? Definitely.
在实际执行中，这些目标从许多角度证明了自己的价值。比如最近成立的厕所董事会联盟。这是一个跨部门的组织，旨在寻找可扩展且基于市场的方法来解决所谓的“卫生危机”。全球目前还有多达25亿人缺乏安全且洁净的厕所，这场由联合利华发起的行动究竟能否他们的生活？很有可能。这项行动能否帮助联合利华卖出更多杀灭卫生间细菌的产品“家净”呢？绝对如此。
Using the same logic, Unilever is trying to position Knorr bouillon as a weapon to combat food insecurity; Lifebuoy, a vehicle to promote good hygiene.
秉持同样的逻辑，联合利华试图将家乐的肉汁清汤作为与食品安全问题斗争的武器，利用抗菌品牌卫宝来宣传良好的个人卫生习惯。
Making this tangible for those on the front lines isn’t easy. So, in late 2013, Unilever launched an online “Social Impact Hub” for its 174,000 employees to learn more about its myriad initiatives in this area. Unilever has also augmented its training programs so that workers at all levels can understand the company’s commitment to sustainability and how their own jobs fit in.
要让第一线的工人感受到这一切并不容易。所以在2013年底，联合利华为17.4万名员工建立了在线“社会影响中心”，让他们认识到公司在该领域的许多举措。联合利华还增加了培训项目，让所有级别的员工都能理解公司在可持续发展领域的投入，以及他们自身的工作如何促进这项目标的实现。
Being purpose-driven also demands that companies have a clear long-term vision. And that’s tough when investors are pushing executives to set their sights not much further out than the current quarter’s earnings or the day’s stock price. “We’ve created a rat race toward short-termism,” Polman says.
要用目的驱动员工，公司还得有明确的长期愿景。在当今时代，投资者总是敦促公司高管专注于当前季度的收益状况或当日股价而不要看得太远，所以许多公司很难做到这一点。波尔曼表示：“我们一直在与短期主义激烈地斗争。”
Standing up to this myopic mindset takes guts. Under Polman, Unilever has stopped reporting its quarterly profits, and it resists giving earnings guidance to financial analysts. His own compensation is tied to how well the company is tracking against its long-range sustainability metrics.
抗拒这种短视的思维模式需要勇气。在波尔曼的领导下，联合利华不再发布季度盈利报告，并拒绝向金融分析师提供业绩预期。而波尔曼自己的薪酬也与公司执行长期可持续计划的效果相挂钩。
No organization is perfect, and Unilever’s outspokenness on social issues has made it a juicy target for critics; any perceived stumble is quickly called out.
没有哪家公司是完美的。联合利华讨论社会问题的直白方式，也让该公司成为批评家乐于抨击的目标，任何被认为犯错的地方都会被迅速指出。
But Polman is relentless about the need for business to “serve society, rather than take from it”—and his message appears to be getting through. With it comes the “satisfaction of working for a company that generally tries to lead and do the right thing,” as one Unilever employee commented on Glassdoor.
但波尔曼依然在毫不松懈地遵循“服务社会，而不是向社会索取”的理念，这种讯息似乎已经得到理解。一名联合利华的员工在职业社区Classdoor上如此评论：“在这样一家总是试图引领潮流并且做正确事情的公司中工作，我感到很满意。”
That may sound a bit touchy feely. But in an era in which cultivating talent is increasingly essential, building a deep and authentic sense of purpose could be a company’s ultimate competitive advantage.
这听起来也许有点肉麻。但在一个培养人才日益重要的时代，能建立深切而真实的目标感，也许是一家公司最具竞争力的优势。（财富中文网）
The 40 under 40 Insider network is an online community where some of the most thoughtful and influential people in business under 40 contribute answers to timely questions about career and leadership. Today’s answer to the question how do you avoid becoming a workaholic? is written by Kevin Chou, co-founder and CEO of Kabam.
40岁以下最具影响力的商界人士将通过40位40岁以下商业精英内部网络，及时解答职业与领导力问题。本周，我们的问题是：如何避免成为工作狂？以下是手机游戏开发商Kabam的联合创始人兼CEO凯文o周的回答。
My alarm goes off. It’s pitch black, and I look over at my phone; it’s 6:00 a.m. I feel unfamiliar sheets pinning me to the bed, and realize I’m away on business. Still.
闹钟响了。外面还一片漆黑。我拿过手机一看，现在是早上6:00。我感觉这并非我熟悉的被窝，于是我意识到，我一直都在出差。到现在依旧如此。
What city am I in? Yesterday it was Hong Kong. So this must be… Hangzhou?
我在哪个城市？昨天我在香港。现在肯定是……杭州吧？
I bring up my calendar. A meeting with a new investment partner at 8:00 a.m., followed by a TV interview, then a meeting with a potential publishing partner and lastly, another interview before a flight to Beijing.
我翻出日程表。上午8:00要与一位新投资伙伴见面，然后是接受电视采访，接下来是去见一位潜在发行伙伴，最后还有一次采访，接下来要飞往北京。
That was early 2014, and I was three months into a near-constant four-month fundraising trip through Asia. I. was. exhausted.
那是2014年初，我正在亚洲马不停蹄地进行为期四个月的融资，当时已经奔波了三个月。我早已疲惫不堪。
Throughout all the ups and downs over the past eight years of building Kabam, that trip was the closest I had ever come to being completely burned out. But I powered through, because as CEO and co-founder, I am responsible for the livelihoods of hundreds of employees and the care of millions of customers around the globe.
过去八年，我亲身经历了Kabam发展过程中的起起伏伏，那次行程让我最真切地感受到自己彻底精疲力竭。但我不断鼓励自己，因为作为CEO和联合创始人，我要为数百名员工的生计负责，我要对得起全世界数百万用户的关爱。
And that got me thinking. What’s the best way to stave off employee burnout? One word: ownership.
这让我陷入思考。避免员工产生工作倦怠的最佳方法是什么？答案只有一个词：归属感。
People take better care of something they own. Homeowners tend to maintain their properties better than renters, drivers typically don’t care much about rental cars, and entrepreneurs give their lives over to the companies they build.
人们会更用心照料他们拥有的东西。房子的主人会比租户更好地维护他们的资产，驾驶员往往不太关心租来的汽车，而创业者则会全身心投入到他们创建的公司当中。
That’s why, in my opinion, the term “workaholic” is subjective. When you’re working for something you’re personally invested in, all the hours and extra effort don’t seem like a burden. And the best way to make employees feel like owners is through liquidity, where the time and effort of all employees is financially rewarded.
所以我认为，“工作狂”这个词有主观性。当你在为自己全情投入的事情努力工作时，时间和额外付出的努力似乎都不是负担。要培养员工的归属感，最好的方式是动用流动资金，对员工付出的时间和努力给予奖励。
Kabam recently completed its second secondary offering in the past 16 months. This allowed all employees to sell some of their Kabam shares that have vested without the need for the company to go public or be acquired. This instills ownership by literally giving employees control over a stake in the company. A stock option moves from an abstract notion to something with an actual dollar value. Additionally, management and employees are not caught on a treadmill of having to hit quarterly numbers to appease the public markets and instead focus on core innovation.
Kabam最近完成了过去16个月中的第二次二级发行。这使得所有员工可以出售Kabam授予他们的部分股票，而不必等到公司上市或被收购的时候才能变现。通过使员工可以真正地支配公司的部分股份，可以逐渐培养他们的归属感。股票期权从抽象的概念变成了真金白银。此外，管理层和员工也不必为了实现令公开市场满意的季度目标而疲于奔命，相反，他们可以更专注于核心创新。
By rewarding employees for the time they have invested, and giving them the freedom to think long-term, everyone can feel like a real owner of Kabam; allowing them to take better care of the company and themselves. That’s something that comforts me, no matter where in the world I am.
通过对员工投入公司的时间进行奖励，给他们长远思考的自由，每个人感觉自己就是Kabam的真正主人。如此一来，他们就会更用心地照顾好这家公司和他们自己。不论我身在何处，一想到这里，我都会深感安慰。（财富中文网）
I’ve interviewed hundreds of candidates at a variety of companies — ranging from small startups to well-known companies like Google — and across nearly every job function. Even the best candidates stumble; only very few people are natural interviewers. For most of us, interviewing is terrifying. You have to highlight your strengths (and recognize your weaknesses); massage your past into a narrative for future success; and develop a connection with various interviewers — all while trying to decide if you would enjoy the company (and role).Interviewing is all about selling yourself and success relies on punching through the noise of your competition and connecting with your audience. Here are my top three tips:
从小型初创公司到谷歌等知名企业，我曾在多家公司面试过成百上千名求职者，并且涵盖了几乎每一类职位。即便最优秀的求职者也会犯错；只有极少数人是天生的面试能手。对于大多数人来说，面试令人生畏。你必须展示你的优势（并且承认自己的弱点）；为了将来的成功，你需要将自己过去的经历揉捏到面试陈述中；与不同面试官建立联系——面试官也在判断你是否会喜欢他们的公司（和职务）。面试就是自我推销，成功的关键在于穿越纷纷扰扰的竞争对手，与你的面试官产生联系。下面是我的三条建议：
Know your interviewers
了解你的面试官
Interviews are between people, not companies. And while people hire based on skills and knowledge, they also hire individuals with who they feel a connection. To help make this connection, know who you will be interviewing with and understand their journey: where did they go to school, what companies have they worked with, what path did they take, etc. Find your connection points and bring them up naturally in the conversation. But, don’t overdo this – it can come across as creepy, “I was stalking you on Facebook and saw you love the movie Ocean’s Eleven . . . me too!”
面试是人与人之间的交流，而非公司之间的往来。虽然面试官会根据能力和知识决定人选，但他们也会录用那些他们觉得跟自己有联系的求职者。为了建立这种联系，求职者需要了解自己的面试官，知道他们的经历：在哪里上学，曾在哪些公司工作过，有怎样的生活方式等。找到联系点，并在对话中自然地呈现出来。但要把握好度，否则可能会让对方感到惊恐：“我在Facebook偷偷关注过你，我发现你喜欢《十一罗汉》这部电影，我也喜欢！”
Practice your answers
练习你的回答
This may sound like common sense, but know the key points you want to communicate. Before you interview, think about what they might ask you. You can’t predict the exact questions, but there are basics that all companies will want to know: what you’ve done in the past, what you hope to do in the future, and how you will add value at the company.
这听起来是一种常识，但你需要知道自己希望交谈的要点。在面试之前，想象面试官可能会问哪些问题。虽然你无法准确预测面试问题，但所有公司希望了解的基本方面都是类似的：你做过什么，希望做什么，打算如何为公司增加价值等。
So practice. Answer concisely. Don’t be afraid of silence. Think about your answers and provide crisp responses. It shows you’re thoughtful, a clear thinker, and can prioritize. It’s also important to ask clarifying questions if there are multiple ways to interpret a question or if you’re unsure — it shows you’re listening and engaged. Nothing is worse than going on and on about something entirely irrelevant.
因此，要针对这些问题进行练习。回答应简洁明了。不要担心沉默。考虑好你的答案，然后给出干脆的回答。这表明你是一位深思熟虑、头脑清楚的思考者，能够分清轻重。如果一个问题可能有许多种理解，或者你对问题不确定，可以要求对方澄清问题，这一点同样重要，因为这表明你在倾听和思考。没有什么比喋喋不休地谈论毫不相干的事情更糟糕的了。
Follow your passion
追随你的激情
Only interview for positions that you’re truly passionate about – you’ll do your best work at these companies. You can show your passion in the questions you ask and the examples you provide. Everyone loves to work with passionate people. At some point, the person interviewing you was sitting in your chair. Employees want to work alongside people that energize them and share their love for what they do. It’s the hardest thing to fake and the easiest way to stand out.
只面试你真正感兴趣的职位——只有这样，你才能发挥自己最大的潜力。你可以通过提出的问题或所举的例子来表现自己的激情所在。所有人都喜欢与富有激情的人一起工作。你的面试官也曾处在你的位置。员工希望与能够激励他们、像他们一样对工作充满激情的人一起共事。激情无法作假，也最容易让一个人脱颖而出。
Apple, Yahoo, Dropbox, and video game maker Electronic Arts all have listed openings with “new grad” as a preference.
苹果公司、雅虎、Dropbox以及视频游戏公司艺电都曾在招聘新员工时都曾表示优先考虑“应届毕业生”。
Lately, though, that language has fallen out of favor, and a curious, new phrase has taken root. Employers, especiallyin the media, advertising and tech industries, have begun advertising for“digital natives.”
但最近，这样的字眼不再流行，一个古怪的新词开始生根发芽。用人单位都在招聘“数字原生代”，特别是媒体、广告和科技公司。
Fortune did a simple search in Indeed.comand found dozens of listings, including from both established media giants and startups of all sizes, in which being a “digital native” is listed as arequirement.
《财富》杂志在求职网站Indeed.com上简单搜索了一下，发现了几十条将“数字原生代”作为聘用条件的广告，发布方既有知名媒体巨头，也有大大小小的初创企业。
Virginia Beach, VA-based software solutions firm, StratusLIVE, is currently seeking alead generation specialist to join its team and according to its ad, the “ideal candidate must be a digital native” who adapts quickly to new technologies.
总部设在弗吉尼亚州弗吉尼亚海滩的软件解决方案供应商StratusLIVE正在招客户拓展专员。招聘广告称，“理想的求职者必须是数字原生代”，能迅速适应新技术。
Zipcar,the car-sharing service, posted an ad for a director of creative and brand marketing and says this person “will be a proven creative leader and digital native.” Being a digital native also is on its list of “minimum” job requirements.
汽车共享公司Zipcar在招聘创意及品牌营销总监的广告中称，求职者“必须成功领导过创意工作，还必须是数字原生代”，而且“数字原生代”属于“最低”要求。
The Gannett-owned CBS TV affiliate in Washington D.C.notes in its ad that it is looking to hire digital natives.
报业巨头甘尼特集团旗下设在华盛顿的子公司CBS招聘时，也指名要数字原生代。
In aposting for a project manager, advertising agency Wunderman, which is part of marketing giant Young & Rubicam Brands, listed as the top requirement being“a digital native” experienced in “existing and emerging digital platforms.”
隶属营销巨头电扬旗下的广告机构伟门在招聘项目经理，基本要求包括“数字原生代”以及具备“现有及新生数字平台”工作经验。
The question is, what does the term mean?Three employment attorneys contacted by Fortune said the trend was troublingand argued it was a veiled form of age discrimination.
那么问题来了，这个词意味着什么？《财富》杂志采访的三位劳动法律师表示，这就是一种隐性年龄歧视，当前趋势令人担心。
“The term ‘digital natives’ makes me cringe,” said Ingrid Fredeen, anattorney and vice president of NAVEX Global, which provides ethics and compliance programs to large organizations. “This is a very risky area becausewe’re using the term that has connotations associated with it that are veryage-based. It’s kind of a loaded term.” Posting a job ad calling for “digital natives,” she added, is “really challenging and problematic” because it impliesthat “only young applicants need to apply.”
NAVEX Global 为大公司提供企业伦理与合规服务。该公司律师兼副总裁英格里德o弗雷迪恩说：“我很不喜欢‘数字原生代’这种说法。对应聘者做出这样的限制可能会有风险，因为隐含着对年龄的强调，这是个内涵非常丰富的词。”她还指出，在公开招聘广告中要求“数字原生代”才能应聘“会引发质疑，而且可能惹麻烦”，因为这种说法意味着“只有年轻人才能申请该职位。”
Author Marc Prensky has been credited with having coined the term “digital native” in a 2001 essay; he defined a digitalnative as someone born during or after the start of the digital world, meaning they grew up immersed in technologies and are “native speakers” of the digital language of computers and the Internet. In contrast, Prensky noted, the older“digital immigrants learn — like all immigrants, some better than others — toadapt to their environment” but they always retain their “‘accent,’ that istheir foot in the past.”
马克·普连斯基在2001年的一篇论文中首创“数字原生代”这个词。他对这类人群的定义是出生于数字时代到来的过程中或者开始后，也就是说他们的成长经历充满了科技元素，计算机和互联网数字语言就是他们的“母语”。普连斯基指出，与“原生代”对应的是年龄较大的“数字移民”，而且“像所有移民一样，‘数字移民’也要学着适应环境，当中有些人学得好一些，有些差一些。”但他们“一定会有‘口音’，也就是过往的印记”。
Since the 1990s dotcom boom, many employers have openly sought to hire young, tech savvy talent, believing that was necessary to succeed in the new digital economy. At the same time, age discrimination complaints have spiraled upward, according to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC), with 15,785 claims filed in 1997compared to 20,588 filed in 2014. Out of the 121 charges filed last year by the EEOC for alleged discriminatory advertising, 111 of them claimed the job postings discriminated against older applicants.
从20世纪90年代的网络热潮开始，许多用人单位都在招聘懂技术的年轻人才，认为这是在数字经济时代成功的必要条件。与此同时，美国公平就业机会委员会提供的数据显示，针对年龄歧视的投诉呈螺旋上升态势。1997年此类投诉出现了15785次，2014年达到20588次。去年，EEOC以发布歧视性广告为由起诉了121公司，其中111家都存在歧视大龄求职者的现象。
The EEOC has said that using phrases like“college student,” “recent college graduate,” or “young blood” violate the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1966 (ADEA). That federal law protects individuals who are 40 years of age or older from employment discrimination based on age.
EEOC表示，在招聘广告中使用“大学生”、“大学刚毕业”或者“年轻血液”等词违反了1966年制定的美国《反就业年龄歧视法》。这项法律旨在保护40岁及以上的员工免受年龄歧视。
Is using a generational term like “digitalnative” just another way of excluding over-40 job candidates?
那么，使用类似“数字原生代”的具有年代划分意味的词，是不是就为了拒绝40岁以上的求职者呢？
According to Joseph Olivares, as pokesperson for the EEOC, the agency has not taken a position on whether usingthe term “digital native” in an ad is discriminatory. But that’s only because job seekers need to file a complaint first before the EEOC can investigate. So far, none have been filed.
EEOC发言人约瑟夫o奥利瓦雷斯表示，尚未认定在招聘广告中使用“数字原生代”是否属于歧视行为。因为EEOC只有在收到求职者投诉后才能展开调查。但迄今为止，还没有出现过这样的投诉。
All You and InStyle, which, like Fortune,are owned by Time Inc., each ran ads that used the term “digital native;” theads were posted about six months ago. “If you found an ad, it was probably posted by a hiring manager who didn’t see it as a problem and didn’t bother getting it clear,” Greg Giangrande, Time Inc.’s Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, said in a statement. “It’s not a phrase that weuse in our advertising.” (He also said that in media circles, the term isgenerally used as “short-hand” for people who have up-to-date digital skillsand experience.)
Allyou.com 和InStyle.com与《财富》杂志同属时代公司，约6个月前这两家公司发布的招聘广告中都提到了“数字原生代”。时代公司执行副总裁兼首席人力资源官格雷格o吉安格兰发表声明称：“如果看到这样的招聘广告，就意味着人事经理并不觉得有问题，也没认真想过会不会有问题。我们就不应该在招聘广告中使用这种说法。”（他还曾在媒体圈中表示，这个词一般代指“缺乏”最新数字技术和相关从业经验的人。）
Fortune reached out to all of the employers mentioned in this article. Only one responded to requests for comment.StratusLIVE apparently took down the ad shortly after Fortune requested comment; the ad no longer exists on the web. [Update May 4, 9 am: Zipcar alsoapparently has taken its ad down.]
《财富》杂志联系了本文提到的所有公司，只有一家做出了回应。显然，在《财富》杂志提出询问后，StratusLIVE很快就撤下了广告，现在已经无迹可寻[最新进展：5月4日上午9点，《财富》杂志发现Zipcar也撤下了相关广告]。
In bound Marketing Agents’ co-founder Pat Owings told Fortune that Inbound has been using the term “digital native” on itsjob ads since last year. Owings, whose job responsibilities include human resources, according to thecompany’s website, said that when he first saw the term in one of their ads, he expressed concerns to his co-founder and CEO Bill Faeth, but the ad was published anyway. “This sort of recklessness from the CEO,” he said, is exactly the reason why he is currently separating from the company.
营销机构Inbound Marketing Agents联合创始人帕特o奥因斯对《财富》杂志表示，从去年开始在招聘广告中要求求职者为“数字原生代”。该公司网站显示，奥因斯的职责之一就是人力资源管理。他说，第一次在广告中看到这个字眼时，他对联合创始人兼首席执行官比尔o费思表示有点担心，但广告还是登了出去。奥因斯指出：“身为CEO，费思这样做有点草率，”而这正是奥因斯要离职的原因。
Owings added: “[Bill] has tried to createan organization that’s very Google-esque with the free beer and the free snacksand cool looking office space … that tends to attract a younger crowd. Butobviously if he was called into court and put on the stand, he would say he wasusing [digital native] in a much more broad term, that he just wanted[applicants] to be technologically - savvy. That being said, he’s very focused onhiring a millennial workforce.”
奥因斯还说：“[比尔]一直想把模仿谷歌的公司氛围，办公室里有免费啤酒和点心，环境布置得很酷……很吸引年轻人。如果被起诉上了法庭，很显然他会声称自己口中的[数字原生代]是更广义的，他只是希望[求职者]都是懂技术的。话虽如此，他在实际工作中却一直努力组建80后员工团队。”
According to Owings, there’s only one other employee — aside from himself and Faeth — over the age of 30. There are currently seven employees and five contractors working at In bound.
据奥因斯介绍，除了他和费思，公司里只有一位员工超过30岁。目前，Inbound Marketing Agents有7名员工和5位承包商。
Bill Faeth has a different story,describing Owings as “disgruntled because he is no longer part of the company.”He said he never received any warnings from Owings about using the term“digital native” on job ads. In fact, Faeth said he wasn’t aware that the term could be associated with age or a generation.
比尔o费思的说法则截然不同，他说奥因斯“因为已经离开公司而心存不满”。费思称，他从未听到奥因斯对招聘广告中的“数字原生代”提出警告。他还表示不知道这个词与年龄或某一代人有关。
“I think it’s a pretty common term that’s being utilized in ourindustry,” he said, adding he didn’t think the term had a correlation with ageso much as digital experience.
费思说：“我觉得这个词在业内用得相当普遍。”他表示认为“数字原生代”主要指拥有数字领域的经验，与年龄并无直接关系。
“I’m 42 years old and I had my first Apple when I was eight yearsold, so I would classify myself as a digital native just because I’ve used digital specifically for the majority of my adult life,” he said. He also said he “probably, possibly” won’t use the term in more ads “if there is potentialfor any kind of age discrimination.”
费思说：“我今年42岁，8岁时就有了第一台苹果电脑，所以我觉得自己也属于数字原生代，因为成年后的大部分时间里我都与数字技术相伴。”他还表示，“如果可能存在年龄歧视”，自“大概很可能”不会在招聘广告中一直这样说。
The employment attorneys contacted by Fortune all argued that using the term leaves employers open to charges of agediscrimination. Christy Holstege, a civil rights attorney and feminist activistin Palm Springs, California, said, “I don’t believe using ‘digital native,’ agenerational term, as a job requirement would stand up in court. I think older individuals could definitely argue ‘digital native’ requirements are just apretext for age discrimination. And since this employment practice uses age asa limiting criterion, the defense that the practice is justified by a reasonable factor other than age is unavailable.”
《财富》杂志采访的劳动法律师都认为，使用该词可能让用人单位被指控年龄歧视。常驻加州棕榈泉的克里斯蒂o霍尔斯特格是一位民事权利律师和女权活动家。她说：“‘数字原生代’是个具有年代划分意味的词，不过我觉得将其作为应聘条件在法庭上站不住脚。大龄应聘者完全可以质疑这样的要求是隐性年龄歧视。鉴于在实际招聘时经常把年龄作为限制标准，这种行为是出于其他合理原因而不是年龄的说法不能成立。”
Still, Holstege acknowledged proving age discrimination in a courtroom would be difficult. Holstege said that while she doesn’t think it’s “smart to put [digital native] in a job posting,” she cansee employers arguing in court that the term “carries unique meaning as to certain skills or qualifications” and is “necessary to the normal operation ofthe particular business.”
不过，霍尔斯特格承认在法庭上证明存在年龄歧视很困难。她表示，尽管认为“在招聘广告里使用[数字原生代]并不明智”，但可想而知用人单位会在法庭上辩称，这个描述“是特指具备某些技能或资格”，而且“是胜任某些工作必备的条件”。
If the job posting is the only piece of evidence the plain tiff has, they’re “probably going to be out of luck,” said Anne Golden, a partner at prominent employment law firm Outten & Golden. Butif, for example, the plaintiff is, say, 55, and the hiring manager is 39 year sold and has only hired people in their 20s and 30s and only fired people who are older, then you’re starting to build a case that would be admissible incourt, explained Golden.
著名劳动法律师事务所Outten & Golden合伙人安妮·戈尔登指出，如果原告掌握的证据只有一条招聘广告，“很可能希望不大”。不过她举例说，如果原告55岁，人事经理39岁而且只聘用二、三十岁的人又只解雇年龄较大的员工，法院就有可能受理。
Age discrimination cases are “harder toprove than other kinds of discrimination,” she said, especially since a 2009 Supreme Court ruling. In Gross v. FBL Financial Services, Jack Gross, a54-year-old former executive at the time he filed, sued his employer,Iowa-based insurance firm FBL Financial, for age discrimination when he was demoted. Despite winning in the lower courts, Gross lost his case in the Supreme Court, which ruled that plain tiffs have to prove that age discrimination was the “motivating” factor. Before Gross’ case, plaintiffs hada valid claim if they were fired or demoted on suspicions of age discrimination.
安妮表示，在类似官司中，“证明存在年龄歧视的难度要大于其他歧视行为”，特别是在2009年美国最高法院就格罗斯-FBL金融服务一案做出裁决后。在该案中，原告是时年54岁的前高管杰克o格罗斯，被告是格罗斯的工作单位——总部在爱荷华州的保险公司FBL金融服务。格罗斯的起诉理由是因为年龄歧视而遭降职。尽管在级别较低的法院打赢了官司，但最高法院裁定格罗斯败诉，依据是原告必须证明年龄歧视是“诱发”因素。而在此之前，只要怀疑原告被解雇或降职的原因是年龄歧视，就可认定原告主张有效。
The current lack of seriousness placed onusing the term “digital native” in job ads, though, could very well be because people are ignorant of its definition, explained Fredeen. Employers may beusing the term loosely to mean someone who is “really comfortable with technology and social media platforms.”
NAVEX Global的弗雷迪恩解释说，目前招聘广告中使用“数字原生代”没有引起重视很可能是因为人们并不确切了解该词的含义。用人单位也许只是泛指“热爱科技和各类社交媒体平台的人”。
In fact, Panasonic’s ad for a marketing group manager calls for a “digital native,” even while requiring that candidates have a minimum of 10 years professional “hands-on experience,” five years management experience, five years digital experience and preferably a MBA. How many candidates under the age of 35 would have all that experience?Panasonic didn’t respond to a request for comment.
实际上，松下电器在招聘营销团队经理时也使用了这种说法，但具体要求是至少10年的“实际工作经验”，5年管理经验，5年数字领域经验，而且最好有MBA学位。35岁以下的求职者中能有多少符合全部要求？对于《财富》杂志的询问，松下未做出回应。
“Maybe there is a cautionary tale to tell,” Fredeen said, predicting this “kind of language” in job ads will come under “great scrutiny in the very near future.”
弗雷迪恩说：“说不定会因此闹出点事。”他估计，招聘广告中的“这种说法很快就会受到密切关注”。
In the meantime, the man who coined the phrase has backed off using the term altogether and instead evangelizes for what he calls “digital wisdom.”
此外，作为发明者，普连斯基已经表示不再用这个词，转而向推广“数字时代的智慧”观念。
On his web site, Prensky explains:
普连斯基在网站上是这样解释的：
“Immigrants have to watch out for thinking the way they learned to do things is still the best way. Natives need to realize that they still have to learn many things about technology — and life. That is why it is important that we all learn to work together, with mutual respect, to find Digital Wisdom.”
“‘数字移民’要注意，不能认为过去掌握的方法仍是最好的；而‘原生代’则要意识到，不管在科技还是生活方面还有许多东西要学。因此学会协作很重要，应该以相互尊重的方式寻找数字时代的智慧。”
Profits for Chinese factories fell for the sixth straight month in March, although the rate of decline slowed somewhat from the sharp drop reported at the end of 2014.
今年3月，中国规模以上工业企业利润连续第6个月下降，不过降幅较2014年底公布的巨大降幅有所收窄。
Industrial profits fell 0.4 per cent year-on-year in March, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. In decline since last October, they had fallen 4.2 per cent in February and as much as 8 per cent year-on-year in December.
中国国家统计局(NBS)的数据显示，3月份工业企业利润下降0.4%。自去年10月以来，工业企业利润一直下滑，2月同比下降4.2%，去年12月同比降幅更是高达8%。
The dip was hardly a surprise given that China's economy expanded at its slowest pace in six years in the first quarter, with gross domestic product growing 7 per cent in the first three months of 2015 compared with the same period a year earlier. China's economy grew 7.3 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2014.
鉴于中国经济第一季度增速为6年最慢，这一降幅并不令人意外，中国今年第一季度国内生产总值(GDP)同比增长7%。去年第四季度中国经济增长7.3%。
The Chinese government had previously announced a growth target of "around 7 per cent" for 2015.
中国政府此前宣布，今年的经济增长目标为“7%左右”。
In morning trading, Hong Kong's Hang Seng has risen 1.3 per cent, while China's Shanghai Composite is up 1.8 per cent and the Shenzhen Composite has gained 1.2 per cent.
中国股市无惧疲弱的工业利润数据，今日早盘，香港恒生指数上涨1.3%，中国内地上证综指上涨1.8%，深圳成指上涨1.2%。
The US is in the spotlight this week, with the release of first quarter gross domestic product on Wednesday, followed by the Federal Open Market Committee's policy meeting on Thursday.
美国是本周的焦点。在周二美联储联邦公开市场委员会(Federal Open Market Committee)召开政策会议后，美国将于周三公布第一季度GDP数据。
Higher food prices fuelled a rise in Chinese inflation in March, while the pace of deflation in producer prices moderated from the previous month.
食品的涨价帮助推升了3月份中国的通胀率。与此同时，生产者价格通缩的节奏比前一个月有所缓和。
The official consumer price index rose 2.3 per cent year-on-year in March, according to China’s National Bureau of Statistics, coming in just below expectations of 2.4 per cent among analysts surveyed. Consumer prices had risen at the same rate in February, accelerating from 1.8 per cent in January.
根据中国国家统计局(National Bureau of Statistics)的数据，3月份中国官方消费者价格指数(CPI)同比增长2.3%，只比在分析师中调查得出的2.4%略低一点。此前2月份上涨幅度与此相同，高于1月份的1.8%。
Despite a fall in transport and communications prices thanks to persistently low commodity prices, the headline figure was kept aloft in March partly by rising food prices, with fresh vegetable prices rising 35.8 per cent year-on-year to add 0.92 percentage points to the headline figure, while pork prices were up 28.4 per cent, contributing 0.64 percentage points.
尽管交通和通信方面的价格由于大宗商品价格持续走低而出现下跌，这一备受关注的数据却在3月份保持在高位，其原因部分是食品价格的攀升。其中，新鲜蔬菜的价格同比上涨35.8%，把通胀率拉高了0.92个百分点，而猪肉价格则上涨28.4%，贡献了0.64个百分点的通胀率。
An explanatory note released alongside the latest data pegged attributed the rise in annualized prices to a particularly cold winter across China. Core inflation, which does not include food or energy costs, was up 1.5 percent year-on-year.
与最新数据一道发布的解释说明文件，将物价的年度增幅归因于全国性的特别寒冷的冬季。至于不包括食品和能源价格的核心通胀率，其同比涨幅则为1.5%。
Meanwhile producer prices fell 4.3 per cent year on year in March – less severe than expectations of -4.6 per cent and up from a reading of -4.9 per cent in February.
同时，3月份生产者价格指数(PPI)同比跌幅只有4.3%，低于预期4.6%的跌幅，也小于2月份4.9%的跌幅。
While the latest reading of the official producer price index indicates chronic overcapacity remains a serious issue for China’s industrial sector, it also reflects continued improvement since January, when a five-month streak at -5.9 per cent finally snapped.
虽然最新的中国官方PPI指数显示长期的产能过剩依然是中国工业部门的严重问题，但该指数也显示出自1月份以来情况在持续好转。今年1月，中国终于结束了连续5个月PPI同比跌幅达5.9%的状况。
Business sentiment in China held steady in March, but still remains downbeat on the whole.
3月份中国企业信心指数保持平稳，不过总体上依然低迷。
The MNI China business sentiment index has come in at 49.9, steady on February’s level and the second straight month it has been below the 50 mark that separates optimism from pessimism.
3月份，MNI中国企业信心指数(MNI China Business Indicator)读数为49.9，稳定在2月份的水平。这也是该指数连续第二个月低于50。50是该指数区分乐观和悲观的荣枯线。
An upshot, MNI said, is that “firms remained more upbeat about the coming three months” with the future expectations indicator rising further above the current measure.
MNI表示，其中一个调查结果是，“企业对今后三个月依然持更加乐观的态度”，未来预期指数在目前读数的基础上进一步增加。
MNI pointed out weakness in overall sentiment is masking improvements in other key parts of the survey, in particular production and new orders, which picked up this month after a retreat in February.
MNI指出，企业总体信心的疲软掩盖了调查中其他重要子项目情况的改善，尤其是生产和新订单方面，它们在2月份的下跌后已在本月回升。
The People’s Bank of China’s recent cut to commercial banks’ reserve requirement ratio took place during the March survey period, and MNI says this was partly reflected in the results, with the cost of credit measure edging lower from February.
中国央行(PBoC)近期降低商业银行存款准备金率就发生在3月份的调查期间，MNI表示这在调查结果中也有部分体现，信贷成本指数略低于2月份。
Although increased disinflationary pressures in the prices that companies charge were still evident in March, this was present alongside an unexpected rise in input prices, MNI said.
MNI表示，尽管3月份企业报价中通缩压力增大的迹象仍然十分明显，与这种现象伴随的，却是投入价格出人意料的上升。
Manufacturing in China contracted to an 11-month low this month, according to a preliminary reading of an influential index tracking the sector by HSBC.
根据汇丰银行(HSBC)制造业采购经理人指数(PMI)的“预览版”读数，3月中国制造业活动已收缩至11个月内的最低点。
Manufacturing in China was worse than expected, according to a closely-watched "flash" index by HSBC and Markit. The preliminary reading for March was 49.2, against of a reading of 50.7 in February and versus expectations of 50.5. Any score less than 50 indicates contraction.
这一受到密切关注的指数由汇丰和Markit共同编制，最新“预览版”读数显示中国制造业状况比预期更糟。本月这一读数为49.2，不仅低于2月份的50.7，也低于50.5的预期数值。该读数低于50表示相关产业处于收缩中。
The sector has last contracted in January, with a reading of 49.7, according to the index.
根据这一指数，中国制造业上次出现收缩是在今年1月，当时读数为49.7。
But taken as an indicator about the Chinese economy as a whole the monthly survey should be treated with a degree of caution. The HSBC index is heavily skewed towards small, private companies and tends to be more volatile than China's official PMI, which focuses more on state-backed companies. However the last reading for the official PMI, which came in at 49.9 in February, also pointed to a worsening economy.
不过，要用该读数衡量中国经济总体状况还需谨慎。汇丰银行的PMI指数更为偏向小型民营企业，波动性往往大于更关注国有企业的中国官方PMI指数。不过，中国官方上次公布的2月份PMI指数也只有49.9，同样显示中国经济在恶化。
Annabel Fiddes, economist at Markit said:“The HSBC Flash China Manufacturing PMI signalled a slight deterioration in the health of China's manufacturing sector in March. A renewed fall in total new business contributed to a weaker expansion of output, while companies continued to trim their workforce numbers.
Markit经济学家安娜贝尔?菲德斯(Annabel Fiddes)表示：“汇丰银行预览版中国制造业PMI指数表明，3月份中国制造业的情况略有恶化。新增业务总量再次下滑，令产出增长势头继续减弱。同时，企业也在继续削减员工人数。
“Meanwhile, manufacturing companies continued to benefit from falling input costs, stemming from the recent global oil price decline. However, relatively muted client demand has led firms to pass on savings in a bid to boost new work, and cut their selling prices at a similarly sharp rate.”
“与此同时，近期全球油价下跌导致进口成本下滑，继续令制造业企业受益。然而，相对低迷的客户需求令企业以差不多同样大的幅度调降了销售价格，以便将节省下来的成本回馈客户，从而提升新增业务量。”
Property prices in China’s top cities rose sharply in March, with Shenzhen in particular reporting a spectacular rise.
3月份，中国大城市房地产价格大幅上涨，深圳楼价的飙升尤为抢眼。
Prices of new residential buildings rose 4.9 per cent year-on-year in March, according to a monthly survey of property prices across 70 large and mid-sized cities.
对中国70个大中城市楼价的月度调查显示，3月份，新建住宅销售价格同比上涨4.9%。
Top tier cities led the gains. In Beijing prices rose 16 per cent year-on-year and in Shanghai they rose 25 per cent. Shenzhen, however, reported the sharpest rise, with average property prices up 61.6 per cent year-on-year according to Reuters calculations based on data from China’s National Bureau of Statistics.
一线城市涨幅居前。北京楼价同比上涨16%，上海上涨25%。但涨幅最大的是深圳，路透社(Reuters)基于中国国家统计局的数据得出的估算结果显示，深圳平均房价同比上涨了61.6%。
Prices rose in 40 out of 70 cities surveyed.
在调查所涉的70个城市中，有40个城市的楼价出现上涨。
The growing property sector was one of the main factors in supporting economic growth in the first quarter. China’s economy grew at an annual rate of 6.7 per cent in the first three months of 2016, with increasing property sales encouraging developers to accelerate new construction.
持续增长的房地产业是今年一季度支撑中国经济增长的主要因素之一。2016年第一季度，中国经济同比增长6.7%。受房地产销量增长的鼓舞，开发商加快了新的建设。
The official manufacturing PMI came in at 50.2 in March, versus economists’ expectations of 49.4. It was 49 in February. Any reading above 50 signals expansion – something Chinese manufacturers surveyed have not reported for eight months.
3月份，中国官方制造业购经理指数(PMI)为50.2，而经济学家的预期为49.4，2月份的读数则为49。读数高于50，代表制造业活动处于扩张之中。此前，中国制造业活动已连续8个月未呈现扩张了。
For services the PMI was 53.8, compared to 52.7 in February. The services sector traditionally does a little better.
3月份的中国服务业PMI为53.8，比2月份的52.7也要高一些。中国服务业的表现历来要比制造业好一些。
The component monitoring new export orders was positive, at 50.2. Earlier this week a China business survey conducted by FT Confidential Research (FTCR), a research unit owned by the Financial Times, reported that resurgent sales in the real estate sector had boosted the Chinese economy in March. Ongoing monetary easing and increasing government investment on infrastructure may have also helped.
关注新出口订单的子项的读数为50.2，也处于扩张区间。本周早些时候，英国《金融时报》旗下研究部门《投资参考》(FT Confidential Research)对中国企业展开的一项调查显示，3月份房地产销售的复苏对中国经济起到了提振作用。正在实施的货币放松以及政府对基础建设日益加大的投资，可能对经济也起到了帮助作用。
Hot on the heels of the official numbers, a private PMI survey series also reports that March was a better month for Chinese manufacturers.
紧随官方数据发布的一项民间采购经理指数(PMI)调查结果也显示，3月份中国制造业状况有所改善。
The Caixin/Markit manufacturing purchasing managers index came in at 49.7 in March, ahead of the 48.3 economists were expecting. It had been 48 in February.
3月份，财新/Markit制造业PMI为49.7，比经济学家预期的48.3要高，2月份的读数则为48。
It was last above 50 – the point which separates expansion from contraction – in February last year.
该指数上次在50这一荣枯线以上还是在去年2月份。
“Despite remaining below the crucial no-change 50.0 value, it was the highest index reading in 13 months and signalled only a fractional deterioration in the health of the sector,” Caixin said in its accompanying statement.
财新在同时发布的一份声明中表示：“虽然仍低于50.0临界值，但已是13个月来最高纪录，显示制造业运行只是轻微放缓。”
Less than an hour ago the official survey was released, reporting a reading of 50.2 – the first above 50 in eight months.
3月份中国官方制造业PMI为50.2，这是9个月来首次高于50。
He Fan, chief economist at Caixin Insight Group added:“All categories of the index showed improvement over the previous month. The output and new order categories rose above the neutral 50-point level, indicating that the stimulus policies the government has implemented have begun to take hold.
财新智库(Caixin Insight Group)首席经济学家何帆表示：“所有分项均较上月有所改善，产出、新订单两个分项指标向上突破50荣枯线水平，表明前期的刺激政策效果在逐渐发挥。
“However, considering that current conditions remain uncertain, the government needs to continue with moderate stimulus measures to reinforce market confidence.”
鉴于当前中国的复苏态势仍不明朗，政府继续保持适度的刺激政策，引领市场信心。”
The Caixin-sponsored series is based on a much smaller sample of private companies and tends to be more volatile than the official reading. The official survey focuses on larger state enterprises.
这个由财新赞助的系列调查，其调查对象是民营企业，样本比官方调查要小得多，其波动性往往大于聚焦大中型国有企业的官方PMI读数。
Hanergy Thin Film, the Hong Kong-listed solar company whose soaring stock briefly turned its owner into China’s richest man, has reported a HK$12.2bn (US$1.5bn) loss for 2015.
2015年，汉能薄膜发电(Hanergy Thin Film)录得122亿港元（合15亿美元）亏损。汉能薄膜发电是一家在香港上市的太阳能企业，其股价的飙升一度将其所有者推上中国首富宝座。
The company, whose shares are suspended during an investigation into its finances by Hong Kong’s stock market regulator, reported that revenues over last year fell to HK$2.8bn from HK$9.6bn, reports Miles Johnson in London.
该公司股票目前处于停牌状态，香港股市监管机构正对其财务状况展开调查。该公司财报显示，去年其营收从96亿港元降至28亿港元。
Last year the Financial Times ran a series of investigations into HTF’s business model and accounting, which relied almost entirely on selling equipment to its parent company in mainland China.
去年，英国《金融时报》对汉能薄膜发电的商业模式和会计操作展开了一系列调查，该公司的收入几乎完全依赖于向其内地母公司销售设备。
Since then its value has collapsed, making the once high flying company a symbol for the excess in China’s stock market. Owner Li Hejun’s Hanergy parent company has since warned bondholders that it is likely to default on debt payments.
该公司的价值自那时起已大幅缩水，这家曾经极为成功的公司由此成为中国股市泡沫的一个象征。其所有者李河君旗下的母公司汉能集团(Hanergy)还提醒该集团的债券持有人称，该集团可能会拖欠债务偿付。
HTF’s loss was driven by HTF writing off HK$7.9bn of good will from its balance sheet, but the company did not explain in its earnings statement why it decided to do so.
汉能薄膜发电的亏损主要源自其资产负债表中发生了79亿港元的商誉减值，但该公司在其财报中并未解释它为何决定这么做。
Growth in China’s new housing prices came in at the slowest annualised pace in half a year last month, but accelerated in month-on-month terms to the quickest clip since November as more cities saw prices rise, according to official data.
官方数据显示，上月中国新建商品住宅价格同比涨幅为半年来最低；不过，由于房价上涨的城市增多，上月的环比涨幅是去年11月份以来最高的。
The cost of new housing across 70 major cities rose 11.3 per cent in March from a year earlier, based on a weighted average from Reuters using data from China’s National Bureau of Statistics. The fall marks the fourth straight month of headline deceleration from a peak of 12.6 per cent in November
根据路透社(Reuters)对中国国家统计局数据的加权平均，3月份，中国70个大中城市新建商品住宅价格同比上涨了11.3%。自去年11月达到12.6%的峰值后，同比涨幅已连续第四个月回落。
But short-term price trends rebounded, with average housing prices rising 0.6 per cent month on month in March, double the 0.3 per cent growth seen in February – albeit still well down from September’s peak of 2.1 per cent.
不过，短期房价走势呈现反弹，3月份平均房价环比上涨了0.6%，涨幅比2月份的0.3%高了一倍——尽管仍远低于去年9月2.1%的峰值。
In month-on-month terms, average prices rose in 62 out of 70 cities and fell in 8. In February 12 cities had seen prices fall, with prices in two holding steady from a month earlier and rising in 56.
环比来看，70个城市中有62个城市的平均房价上涨，8个城市下跌。而今年2月，下跌的城市有12个，2个城市的房价持平，上涨的有56个。
In year-on-year terms March saw prices rise in 68 cities and fall in just two, whereas in February three cities saw average prices drop.
同比来看，3月份有68个城市的房价上涨，下跌的城市只有2个，而2月份有3个城市的平均房价下跌。
The most populous urban centres saw growth soften slightly, according to a now regular report on top-tier cities’ price trends issued by the bureau. In Beijing prices grew 20.6 per cent year on year, down from 24.1 per cent in February, with a straight average of trends for the 15 listed top-tier cities recording a drop of about 3 percentage points to growth of 22.3 per cent.
根据一份如今由中国国家统计局定期发布的一线城市房价走势报告，人口最多的中心城市涨势略有放缓。北京房价同比上涨20.6%，低于2月份的24.1%。名单中15个一线城市房价走势的直线平均录得约3个百分点同比涨幅下滑，同比涨幅滑落至22.3%。
China’s economy is stabilising after the slowdown of recent months, data suggest, easing worries about a hard landing but raising questions about the government’s commitment to rebalancing.
数据显示，在经历了最近几个月的放缓之后，中国经济正在趋稳。这种局面减轻了人们对“硬着陆”的担忧，但也让人们怀疑政府是否会致力于经济再平衡。
A slump in manufacturing and property, China’s traditional growth drivers, has slammed global commodity prices and shrunk profits at Chinese groups tied to the old growth model. Planned lay-offs in steel, coal and other overcapacity sectors have led to labour unrest and concern over unemployment.
作为中国传统的增长引擎，制造业和房地产业的大幅下滑急剧拉低了全球大宗商品的价格，并导致依赖旧增长模式的中国企业的利润大幅缩水。钢铁、煤炭等产能过剩行业计划中的裁员，已引发了劳工抗议和对失业的担忧。
However, recent data suggest the tide is turning, at least temporarily. The Caixin purchasing managers’ indices for both manufacturing and services rose sharply in March. The manufacturing PMI hit 49.7 in March, its highest level in more than a year and a much better reading than expected. Caixin’s services PMI rose to 52.2 in March from 51.2 in February. The 50-point level separates contraction from expansion.
不过，最近的数据显示这一趋势正在逆转，至少暂时是如此。3月份，财新(Caixin)制造业和服务业采购经理指数(PMI)均呈现显著上升：制造业PMI为49.7，达到一年多来的最高水平，而且也远强于预期；服务业PMI则从2月份的51.2升至52.2。PMI读数以50为荣枯线。
The latest figures suggest recent stimulus efforts — notably in the property sector — have succeeded in arresting the slowdown.
这些最新数字表明，近期的刺激努力——尤其是在房地产行业——已成功遏止了放缓势头。
But stimulus for property risks worsening the economy’s reliance on fixed-asset investment, hindering a transition to consumption- and services-led growth pursued by policymakers. Caixin noted on Wednesday that property was “the main factor driving the recent rebound in investment”.
不过，对房地产业实施的刺激，可能会加剧中国经济对固定资产投资的依赖，阻碍其实现政策制定者所追求的那种向消费及服务业带动型增长模式的转型。
Property was also the main driver of strong growth in the FTCR Business Activity Index, a newly launched gauge of activity in real estate, exports and logistics from FT Confidential Research. That index rose to 57.9 in March from 50.6 in February, its highest reading since October 2014, even as exports and logistics remained week.
FTCR商业活动指数(FTCR Business Activity Index)的飙升也是主要由房地产业贡献的。这个由英国《金融时报》旗下的《投资参考》(FT Confidential Research)不久前推出的指数，衡量的是房地产、出口和物流行业的活动。尽管出口和物流行业依然疲软，该指数却从2月份的50.6升至3月份的57.9，达到2014年10月以来的最高水平。
“We expect the uptick in real estate sales to begin feeding through into stronger construction activity in coming months, helping to drive a more broad-based recovery,” FT Confidential wrote.
《投资参考》写道：“我们预计，房地产销售的攀升会在今后几个月里开始推动建筑活动扩张，帮助带动更广泛的复苏。”
The leak of millions of private financial documents linking scores of the world’s rich and powerful to a secretive Panamanian law firm peddling in shell companies and offshore bank accounts began more than a year ago with a cryptic message to a German newspaper from an anonymous whistle-blower.
把世界上的有钱人和有权人与一家兜售空壳公司和境外银行账户的神秘巴拿马律师事务联系起来的好几百万份私人金融文件的泄漏，开始于一年多前德国一家报纸收到的一位匿名举报者发来的令人困惑的信息。
“Hello, this is John Doe,” the source wrote to the Süddeutsche Zeitung, a Munich-based newspaper that had worked on several investigations into tax evasion and money-laundering scandals. “Interested in data?”
“你好，我是张三，”该消息人士发给《南德意志报》(Süddeutsche Zeitung)的信息写道。“对数据感兴趣吗？”《南德意志报》的总部在慕尼黑，该报曾对逃税和洗钱的丑闻做过调查报道。
“We’re very interested,” replied Bastian Obermayer, a veteran of several investigations into financial scandals.
“我们非常感兴趣，”调查过几起金融丑闻的老手巴斯蒂安·奥伯梅尔(Bastian Obermayer)答道。
In the months that followed, the confidential source fed Süddeutsche’s reporters a steady stream of emails, scanned letters, photographs and client data ripped from the servers of Mossack Fonseca, a Panama City law firm that has been dogged for decades by investigations into its suspected connections to money laundering. It was a trove that ultimately added up to 11.5 million individual files equivalent to 2.6 terabytes of data.
在随后的几个月里，该消息人士源源不断地向《南德意志报》的记者发来了从莫萨克-冯塞卡(Mossack Fonseca)律师事务所的服务器上盗取的电子邮件、信件扫描、照片，以及客户数据，几十年来，这家位于巴拿马城的律所因涉嫌与洗钱有关多次被调查。这个宝库最终加起来共有1150万份文件，相当于2.6太字节(terabytes)的数据。
The German reporters worked for more than two months verifying that the documents were genuine and trying to unravel the complex web of secret transactions. “It became an addiction,” Mr. Obermayer’s colleague, Frederik Obermaier, wrote in an emailed response to questions. “We often messaged each other at crazy times, like 2 a.m. or 4 a.m. about the newest findings.”
德国记者花了两个多月的时间来核实文件的真实性，并试图解开其中秘密交易的复杂网络。“我们都着迷了，”奥伯梅尔的同事弗雷德里克·奥伯迈尔(Frederik Obermaier)在回答本报提问的电子邮件中写道。“我们经常在荒唐的时间，比如凌晨2点或4点，把最新的调查发现用短信发给对方。”
But the sheer volume of data contained in the initial batch soon overwhelmed the German newspaper’s five-person investigations team. The paper turned for help to the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists in Washington, D.C., which has coordinated several previous global projects on financial data leaks.
但是，首批文件中包含的数据量很快就让这家德国报纸的五人调查小组感到不堪重负。该报向总部设在华盛顿的国际调查记者同盟(International Consortium of Investigative Journalists，简称ICIJ)寻求帮助，这个组织此前曾协调过几个金融数据曝光的全球项目。
Within weeks, the ICIJ had assembled an army of about 400 journalists from more than 100 news organizations in 80 countries, including The Guardian and BBC in Britain, the French daily Le Monde, the Sonntagszeitung in Switzerland, and L’Espresso, an Italian weekly newsmagazine. Many of the same journalists had collaborated with the center before on investigations into tax havens including the “Swiss Leaks” project in 2015 and the “Lux Leaks” series in 2014.
几周之内，ICIJ就集结了一支约400名记者的队伍，他们来自80个国家的100多家新闻机构，包括英国的《卫报》(the Guardian)和BBC、法国的《世界报》(Le Monde)、瑞士的《周日报》(Sonntagszeitung)，以及意大利新闻周刊《快讯》(L'Espresso)。他们中有不少人此前与国际调查记者同盟有过合作，参加过避税天堂的调查，包括2015年的“瑞士解密”(Swiss Leaks)项目、以及2014年的“卢森堡解密”(Lux Leaks)系列。
The ICIJ did not approach to The New York Times to participate. “This is an important subject, which we have written about ourselves, and continue to follow,” said Matt Purdy, a deputy executive editor at The Times. The leaked documents provide even more information, he added, and the work is to be applauded.
ICIJ没有与《纽约时报》接洽让之参与。“这是一个重要的题材，我们自行做过这方面的报道，并继续跟踪这个题材，”时报副执行主编马特·珀迪(Matt Purdy)说。他补充说，这次泄露的文件提供了更多的信息，有关工作值得赞扬。
The media partners dissected the mountain of data that the Süddeutsche’s journalists received in several batches, each of which were forwarded to a secure ICIJ server. The project was code-named Prometheus, after the Titan from Greek mythology who stole the secret of fire from the gods.
这些媒体伙伴对《南德意志报》记者分批收到的海量数据进行了分析，每批数据都转存到ICIJ的一个安全服务器上。该项目代号普罗米修斯，取自希腊神话中从神山偷来火种的提坦。
Luke Harding of The Guardian, a former Moscow correspondent and a veteran of several international collaborations, including WikiLeaks in 2010 and the Edward Snowden leaks in 2013, said the constant stream of new material meant that reporters were regularly relying on each other to help them keep track of new details.
《卫报》的卢克·哈丁(Luke Harding)曾担任报社驻莫斯科的记者，也是几次国际合作的老手，参加过包括2010年的“维基解密”(WikiLeaks)和2013年爱德华·斯诺登(Edward Snowden)泄漏的文件的调查报道，哈丁说，源源不断的新材料意味着记者们经常相互依赖，才能有助于他们随时得到新的细节。
Unlike past projects, where the leaked data were provided as a “discreet, one-off leaks” of hundreds or at most thousands of documents, “this was in real time,” said Mr. Harding, whose team focused on transactions involving individuals with ties to President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia. “We were constantly getting new data.”
与过去的项目不同，以前泄露的数据是几百份、最多几千份文件的“小心地一次性泄漏”，哈丁说，而这次“是实时的”，他的小组主要关注与俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔·V·普京(Vladimir V. Putin)有关系的个人的交易。“我们正在不断地获得新数据。”
With such a large number of people trolling through the same database, the partners needed to agree early on with a common strategy for collaboration and for parsing out the research, as well as a joint promise to hold off on publishing until everyone was ready. The partners held a series of secret meetings, some of which involved more than 100 people. The first took place at a rented room of the National Press Club in Washington in June, followed by others in Munich, London and Lillehammer, Norway.
这么多的人在同一个数据库中进行搜索，需要这些媒体伙伴们在早期就对合作以及如何分工的共同战略达成一致，还需要各方承诺，在每家媒体都做好发表的准备之前，推迟消息的发布。合作各方举行了一系列的秘密会议，其中有些的参加人数上百。第一次会议是去年6月在华盛顿从美国全国新闻俱乐部租的一个房间里举行的，之后的会议分别在慕尼黑、伦敦，以及挪威的利勒哈默尔举行。
“The danger was always that if something happened in the world and the reporters in that country would get terribly excited and want to publish right away,” Gerard Ryle, the director of ICIJ, said.
“总有一种危险，那就是如果世界上发生了某个事情，事情所在国的记者会非常兴奋，他们想马上发消息，”ICIJ主任杰拉德·赖尔(Gerard Ryle)说。
About a dozen staffers at ICIJ, plus freelancers, devoted themselves entirely to the project, building the tools used by its partners while also preparing a dozen or so of its own stories on the leak. Mr. Ryle and his deputy, Marina Walker Guevara, were in near-constant communication with what had become a sprawling team.
ICIJ的十几名员工，加上自由职业者，全时投入了这个项目，他们制造了供合作伙伴使用的工具，同时也为ICIJ自己有关泄露的十几篇报道作准备。赖尔和他的副手玛丽娜·沃克·格瓦拉(Marina Walker Guevara)与一个越来越大的团队保持着几乎不间断的沟通。
“This was not a story where the documents were the whole story,” Mr. Ryle said. “You had to work for it, you had to go outside of the documents. You could see a window, but you had go out and look.”
“这不是那种泄露文件本身就构成一个完整故事的故事，”赖尔说。“你需要做更多的工作，需要做文件之外的工作。文件为你提供了一个窗口，但你必须出去寻找更多的东西。”
The ICIJ made a number of powerful research tools available to the consortium that the group had developed for previous leak investigations. Those included a secure, Facebook-type forum where reporters could post the fruits of their research, as well as database search program called “Blacklight” that allowed the teams to hunt for specific names, countries or sources.
ICIJ有许多功能强大的研究工具，是该机构为此前的泄密调查所研发。其中包括一个安全的Facebook式论坛，记者们可以在上面发布自己的研究成果，还有一个名为“黑光”(Blacklight)的数据库搜索程序，可以让这些团队搜寻有关特定名字、国家或来源的资料。
While the original documents were written in 25 different languages, most of the communication on the forum took place in English, with reporters actively sharing interesting tidbits with the relevant specialized teams. Each news organization took their own precautions, restricting access to the secure computers that were used to connect to the ICIJ’s servers and ensuring that these were not accessible through their newsrooms’ regular networks.
尽管原始文件是用25种语言写就，论坛上的交流大多还是使用英语，记者们会积极地与相关专业团队分享有趣的花絮。每个新闻机构都要采取各自的预防措施，限制其他人使用被用来和ICIJ的服务器相连的安全电脑，确保它们不会与新闻编辑室的常规网络相连而被其他人访问。
Once specific names were found in the database, reporters dug deeper for any clues that might connect those individuals with a shell company, a bank account, or an ever-widening cast of characters. Working in concert with a team of reporters out of The Guardian’s safe room, Mr. Harding uncovered a web of more than 100 complex international transactions that revolved around an offshore firm linked to a musician named Sergei Roldugin, who is one of Mr. Putin’s closest friends.
一旦在数据库中发现了特定的名字，记者们就进一步深挖，寻找能将这些个人与空壳公司、银行账户或一个不断扩大的人际网络联系起来的任何线索。哈丁协同一个记者团队在《卫报》的安全屋工作，发现了一个围绕一家离岸公司建立的网络，涉及超过100项复杂的国际交易，该公司与名为谢尔盖·罗尔杜金(Sergei Roldugin)的音乐家有关联，而后者是普京最亲密的朋友之一。
“We knew there was a link to Putin’s buddy,” Mr. Harding said. “We knew money was being sent offshore from Russian state banks and being recycled back into Russia” through the offshore company.
“我们知道这事和普京的朋友有关联，”哈丁说。“我们知道有资金在从俄罗斯国有银行流向海外”，然后通过这个离岸公司“又回到俄罗斯”。
Late last year, he said, the teams ultimately managed to establish a connection between that firm and another that owned an upscale ski resort near St. Petersburg that is a favorite of Mr. Putin. Further reporting eventually revealed that the same resort was the venue for the secret 2013 wedding of Mr. Putin’s daughter Yekaterina news of which only surfaced last year.
他表示，去年末这些团队终于把这家公司和另一家离岸公司关联起来，后者拥有一座靠近圣彼得堡的高端滑雪度假村，那是普京最喜欢去的地方之一。进一步的调查最终显示，这个度假村正是普京在2013年为女儿叶卡捷琳娜(Yekaterina)举行秘密婚礼的地方，有关婚礼的消息直到去年才浮出水面。
“In the Panama Papers, there was no Swiss bank account” that could provide a clear money trail, Mr. Harding said. “But in Russia, where your daughter gets married says a lot about what places you hold dear.”
“在巴拿马文件中，没有哪个瑞士银行的账户”可以提供明确的资金走向，哈丁说。“但在俄罗斯，你女儿结婚的地点很能说明哪些地方是你所看重的。”
Other news organizations used the Mossack Fonseca documents to expose the offshore accounts of political figures in countries like France, Pakistan and Saudi Arabia, as well as several international film stars and sports luminaries.
利用从莫萨克-冯塞卡泄露的文件，其他新闻机构曝光了其他一些人物在在离岸银行设立的账户，其中包括法国、巴基斯坦和沙特阿拉伯等国家的政治人物，以及几位电影和体育明星。
By Tuesday, the disclosures had already claimed their first high-level political victim. Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson, the prime minister of Iceland, announced his resignation after revelations that he and his wife were clients of the Panamanian firm.
截止周二，已经出现第一位因这项泄密调查而倒台的高层政治人物。在被爆出他和妻子是那家巴拿马律所的客户以后，冰岛总理西格门迪尔·戴维·贡劳格松(Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson)宣布辞职。
“Many rich and powerful people who have accumulated a lot of wealth must be having a spasm of panic about now,” Mr. Harding said. “They are realizing that actually their banking secrets are not safe and email is not a private medium.”
“不少积聚大量财富的权贵人物这时候肯定陷入了恐慌，”哈丁说。“他们正在意识到，自己在离岸银行的隐秘操作实际上并不安全，邮箱也并不是什么私密媒介。”
“I think we are entering a new golden age for investigative journalism,” he said.
“我想我们正在进入调查性报道一个新的黄金年代，”他说。
The war on rampant tax evasion may not be hopeless after all.
打击猖獗逃税行为的战争也许并非毫无希望。
It might not look that way after an enormous leak of documents from a Panama law firm suggesting that prominent figures worldwide have used offshore companies to hide billions of dollars. The “Panama Papers,” as they are known, seemed to underscore how hard it is for national governments to collect the taxes they are owed.
刚刚发生的泄密事件或许让这场战争的前景看起来很不乐观。从巴拿马的一家律师事务所泄露出来的大量文件显示，世界各地的显赫人物利用离岸公司藏匿了数以十亿美元计的财富。所谓的“巴拿马文件”似乎在强调，收取本属于自己的税金对各国政府而言是多么困难。
Soon after the financial crisis of 2008, governments agreed to do more to crack down on offshore tax evaders. The eye-popping articles this week — including a report linking a musician friend of Vladimir Putin’s to offshore companies — imply that countries are still struggling to keep up. It is unlikely that any amount of international cooperation can stamp out tax evasion in countries where corruption is entrenched and leaders need ways to conceal their wealth. What is more, the financial industry is well practiced at finding ways around new rules.
2008年的金融危机过后，各国政府一致决定打击离岸逃税者。本周这些令人膛目结舌的文章——包括一篇把弗拉基米尔·普京(Vladimir Putin)的一个音乐家朋友和离岸公司联系起来的报道——表明，各国仍然难以遏制这种现象。在腐败盛行、领导人需要找门路藏匿财富的国家里，不论开展多少国际合作，都无法杜绝逃税活动。更糟糕的是，金融行业非常善于钻新法规的空子。
Yet there are signs of progress. And with a tougher legal line, and the introduction next year of new international data-sharing measures from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, the authorities are counting on lasting victories over the evasion industry.
不过也能看到进步的迹象。由于有了更为严格的法律界限，再加上经济合作与发展组织(Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development，简称OECD)将于明年推行国际数据分享方面的新举措，各国当局有望在打击逃税活动的战场上取得持久的胜利。
Pascal Saint-Amans, director of the O.E.C.D.’s Center for Tax Policy, said it was significant that the documents came from Mossack Fonseca, a law firm that helps individuals set up offshore companies and is based in Panama. According to the O.E.C.D., Panama has not met its transparency recommendations, which could make it attractive to people leaving offshore centers in countries that did choose to comply with the O.E.C.D. measures.
OECD税务政策负责人帕斯卡尔·圣阿芒(Pascal Saint-Amans)认为，这些文件来自一个帮助个人开设离岸公司的律所莫萨克-冯塞卡(Mossack Fonseca)，而且这家律所是在巴拿马，这一点具有重大意义。按照OECD的说法，巴拿马并未达到OECD所提倡的透明度标准，这一点格外吸引某些人，他们正在离开选择遵循OECD标准的那些国家里的离岸中心。
“You have a drop in offshore business, but a concentration of the bad business in Panama,” Mr. Saint-Amans said.
“离岸公司的数量下降了，但在巴拿马集中了不少坏公司，”圣阿芒说。
He added that, since 2011, around 20 governments have collected some $50 billion in additional taxes as a result of the anti-evasion efforts.
他还提到，自从2011年以来，对逃税行为的打击让大约20个国家的政府额外多出了500亿美元的税收收入。
Even the documents reported to be from Mossack Fonseca showed a decline in the number of offshore companies set up by the firm. Ten years ago, the number was around 13,200; in 2015 it was just over 4,300.
就连这些据说是从莫萨克-冯塞卡泄露出来的文件也显示，该律所设立的离岸公司的数量正在下降。10年前约为1.32万家，2015年则刚刚超过4300家。
Gabriel Zucman, an assistant economics professor at Berkeley, urged caution about drawing any strong conclusions from the decline in Mossack Fonseca companies. “This is just one country,” said Mr. Zucman, the author of “The Hidden Wealth of Nations,” which explores how offshore centers have enabled tax evasion and tax avoidance.
伯克利的经济学助理教授加布里埃尔·祖克曼(Gabriel Zucman)强烈建议，不要一看到莫萨克-冯塞卡设立的离岸公司有所减少就妄下定论。“这仅仅是一个国家，”著有《列国的隐藏财富》(The Hidden Wealth of Nations)一书的祖克曼说。该书揭露了离岸中心如何让逃税和避税成为可能。
But he acknowledges that progress has been made. In 2010, Congress passed the Foreign Tax Compliance Act, which requires foreign banks to share information with the Internal Revenue Service about accounts of United States citizens, and imposes financial penalties if they don’t. Mr. Zucman has said that the law seems to have been a deterrent, contending, however, that countries continuing to hold out may need to face far tougher measures, like tariffs.
但他承认事情取得了进展。2010年美国国会通过了《海外账户纳税法案》(Foreign Tax Compliance Act)，该法案要求外国银行与美国国税局(Internal Revenue Service)分享美国公民的账户信息，不予配合者会受到经济处罚。祖克曼一直表示，该法案似乎产生了一定的威慑性，不过他也主张针对继续作壁上观的国家实施更为严厉的举措，比如提高关税。
The O.E.C.D., for its part, argues that its data-sharing initiative, once up and running, will be effective. Its program asks banks to share data on foreign clients, in theory enabling tax authorities to identify the actual person using an offshore account or company.
OECD方面认为，它的数据分享项目一旦落到实处，就会见到成效。该项目要求银行分享与外国客户有关的数据，从理论上来说这可以让税务机构找出离岸账户或离岸公司的实际使用人。
Mr. Zucman is skeptical that the bankers will sufficiently comply. “They have been serving criminals and tax evaders — and they’ve being doing that for decades,” he said.
祖克曼怀疑银行从业者并不会全力配合。“他们一直在为罪犯和逃税者服务——而且是几十年如一日地这样做，”他说。
But the crux of the new strategy is that the onus for detecting evaders will fall on the governments themselves — which will then have more information and presumably have the greatest incentive to claim the missing taxes.
不过，这一新策略的关键在于，查出逃税者的责任落在了政府自己头上——它们届时会得到更多信息，而它们追讨流失税收的动力想必比任何人都大。
重点单词
查看全部解释
disposal
[dis'p?uz?l]
想一想再看
n. 处理，处置，布置，配置
n. 垃圾
effective
[i'fektiv]
想一想再看
adj. 有效的，有影响的
联想记忆
X
单词effective 联想记忆：
ef出，fect做－做出来的效果
approach
[?'pr?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 接近; 途径，方法
v. 靠近，接近，动
联想记忆
X
单词approach 联想记忆：
ap一再，proach接近－靠近
insurance
[in'?u?r?ns]
想一想再看
n. 保险，保险费，安全措施
联想记忆
X
单词insurance 联想记忆：
insure（vt 给…保险；确保）
expertise
[.eksp?:'ti:z]
想一想再看
n. 专家的意见，专门技术
联想记忆
X
单词expertise 联想记忆：
expert（n 专家）
scale
[skeil]
想一想再看
n. 鳞，刻度，衡量，数值范围
v. 依比例决
setback
['setb?k]
想一想再看
n. 顿挫，挫折，退步
联想记忆
X
单词setback 联想记忆：
set back（v 阻碍；使挫折；把表针往回拨）
ambitious
[?m'bis]
想一想再看
adj. 有雄心的，有抱负的，野心勃勃的
联想记忆
X
单词ambitious 联想记忆：
amb大+it+ion→走大步→雄心，志向+ious→有雄心的
profitable
['pr?fit?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 有益的，有用的
联想记忆
X
单词profitable 联想记忆：
profit+able→有利润的
quest
[kwest]
想一想再看
n. 探索，寻求
v. 寻找，搜索
The dollar value of China’s exports grew faster than expected in March as import growth moderated from a February spike, restoring a trade surplus after the previous month saw the first deficit since early 2014.
继2月中国进口增速飙升之后，3月进口增速有所减缓，而以美元计的出口增长快于预期，这使得中国贸易账在2月呈现逆差之后在3月转为顺差。今年2月的贸易逆差为2014年初以来的首次。
Exports grew 16.4 per cent year on year in dollar terms in March, according China’s General Administration of Customs. That was well above a median estimate predicting a rise of 4.3 per cent from economists surveyed by Bloomberg and appeared to represent a robust recovery from February’s fall of 1.3 per cent in outbound shipments.
中国海关总署数据显示，3月，以美元计的中国出口额同比增长16.4%。这远远高于彭博社(Bloomberg)对经济学家进行调查得出的增长预测中位数4.3%，较同比下跌1.6%的2月似乎呈现出强有力的复苏。
Imports meanwhile rose 20.3 per cent year-on-year in dollar terms, a far cry from February’s 38.1 per cent but still visibly higher than a median forecast of 15.5 per cent growth.
另一方面，以美元计的进口额同比增长20.3%，远低于2月的38.1%的增幅，但仍明显高于15.5%的预测值中位数。
Those flows produced a trade surplus of $23.9bn after February saw the first deficit in three years, coming close to double a forecast calling for a surplus of $12.5bn.
2月出现3年来首次逆差之后，3月中国实现了239亿美元的贸易顺差，几乎相当于预测值125亿美元的两倍。
The renminbi weakened 0.3 per cent against the greenback over the course of March to Rmb6.8872 per dollar, and the impact of that softening was evident from renminbi-denominated growth figures, which saw exports up 22 per cent and imports up 26.3 per cent from a year earlier. That added up to a surplus of Rmb164.3bn for the month, according to customs.
3月，人民币兑美元汇率下跌0.3%，至1美元兑6.8872元人民币，从以人民币计的进出口增长数据中可以清晰地看出贬值的影响。其中，出口增长22%，进口增长26.3%。这导致3月贸易顺差达到1643亿元人民币（海关总署统计数字）。
While monthly trade figures for January and February tend to be relatively erratic due to the influence of the long lunar new year holiday, the March data are typically viewed as more reliable indicators of the health of China’s trade flows.
春节长假的影响往往导致1月、2月的月度贸易数据不太稳定，而3月数据通常被认为是衡量中国贸易健康状况的更可靠指标。
Quarterly trade flows in renminbi terms were released earlier in the morning without explanation, showing a 31.1 per cent rise in imports and a 14.8 per cent rise in exports for the period.
上午早些时候，中国发布了以人民币计的季度贸易数据，但未进行解读。数据显示，一季度中国进口增长31.1%，出口增长14.8%。
China's consumer prices grew 2.3% in March from one year earlier, the same as in February, according to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics Monday. The consumer price index (CPI) shrank 0.4% in March from February.
国家统计局周一发布的数据显示，3月份全国居民消费价格指数(CPI)同比上涨2.3%，涨幅与二月相同，环比下降0.4%。
NBS statistician Yu Qiumei attributed the inflation growth mostly to high vegetable and pork prices.
国家统计局统计师余秋梅将此归因于通货膨胀的增长，主要是蔬菜和猪肉的价格升高。
Pork prices jumped sharply by 28.4 percent year on year, contributing 0.64 percentage points of CPI growth, while vegetable prices skyrocketed by 35.8 percent, accounting for 0.92 percentage points of CPI growth.
其中，猪肉价格同比大涨28.4%，影响CPI上涨0.64个百分点。鲜菜价格飙涨35.8%，影响CPI上涨0.92个百分点。
Food prices soared 7.6 percent year on year while non-food inflation edged up 1 percent in March.
在三月份，食品价格同比上涨7.6%，而非食品价格上涨1%。
Since January, CPI data have been calculated using a new comparison base that takes into account new products and services, reflecting a change in consumption patterns. The adjustment slightly reduced the weight of food, which previously accounted for nearly one-third of the CPI calculation.
自今年一月以来，全国居民消费价格指数的已经开始使用一个新的比较机制来进行计算，该机制将新的产品和服务考虑进去，反映了消费模式的变化。这一调整将食品所占的比重略微降低，此前食品比重接近占到了总CPI的1/3.
The producer price index (PPI), a measure of costs for goods at the factory gate, dropped 4.3 percent year on year in March, narrowing from a 4.9-percent drop in February and 5.3-percent decline in January, according to the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS).
据国家统计局报告显示，衡量工业企业产品出厂价格的生产价格指数，在三月份同比下降4.3%，降幅比二月份的4.9%和1月份的5.3%有所缩小。
China's consumer price index (CPI), a main gauge of inflation, rose 2.1% year-on-year in March, the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said last Wednesday.
国家统计局上周三透露，今年3月，全国居民消费价格指数（CPI）同比增长2.1%。
The increase was down from 2.9% for February. On a month-on-month basis, CPI declined 1.1%, according to the bureau.
这一涨幅较2月2.9%的有所回落。统计局的数据显示，从环比来看，CPI下降了1.1%。
NBS statistician Sheng Guoqing attributed the month-on-month drop to the ebb of holiday factors, which pushed up demand in February.
统计局统计师绳国庆将环比回落归因于2月推高人们需求的节日因素的消退。
Food prices went down 4.2% in March compared with February, contributing 0.86 percentage point to the month-on-month decline in CPI.
相较2月，3月的食品价格下降4.2%，影响CPI环比下降0.86个百分点。
As travel demand faded after the Spring Festival, prices of air tickets, travel agency charges, and long-distance bus tickets dropped 18.7%, 11.7%, and 4.7% respectively, compared with February.
随着春节后出行需求的回落，机票价格、旅行社收费和长途汽车票价分别较2月下降18.7%、11.7%和4.7%。
China expects CPI to increase by around 3 percent this year, according to a government work report released in March.
根据3月份发布的一份政府工作报告，中国预计今年CPI将上涨约3个百分点。
The producer price index (PPI), which measures costs for goods at the factory gate, rose 3.1 percent year on year in March, easing from a growth of 3.7 percent in February, NBS data showed.
国家统计局的数据显示，衡量工业品出厂价格的生产者价格指数（PPI）在3月份同比上涨3.1%，较2月份的3.7%有所放缓。
Hot on the heels of the official numbers, a private PMI survey series also reports that March was a better month for Chinese manufacturers.
紧随官方数据发布的一项民间采购经理指数(PMI)调查结果也显示，3月份中国制造业状况有所改善。
The Caixin/Markit manufacturing purchasing managers index came in at 49.7 in March, ahead of the 48.3 economists were expecting. It had been 48 in February.
3月份，财新/Markit制造业PMI为49.7，比经济学家预期的48.3要高，2月份的读数则为48。
It was last above 50 – the point which separates expansion from contraction – in February last year.
该指数上次在50这一荣枯线以上还是在去年2月份。
“Despite remaining below the crucial no-change 50.0 value, it was the highest index reading in 13 months and signalled only a fractional deterioration in the health of the sector,” Caixin said in its accompanying statement.
财新在同时发布的一份声明中表示：“虽然仍低于50.0临界值，但已是13个月来最高纪录，显示制造业运行只是轻微放缓。”
Less than an hour ago the official survey was released, reporting a reading of 50.2 – the first above 50 in eight months.
3月份中国官方制造业PMI为50.2，这是9个月来首次高于50。
He Fan, chief economist at Caixin Insight Group added:“All categories of the index showed improvement over the previous month. The output and new order categories rose above the neutral 50-point level, indicating that the stimulus policies the government has implemented have begun to take hold.
财新智库(Caixin Insight Group)首席经济学家何帆表示：“所有分项均较上月有所改善，产出、新订单两个分项指标向上突破50荣枯线水平，表明前期的刺激政策效果在逐渐发挥。
“However, considering that current conditions remain uncertain, the government needs to continue with moderate stimulus measures to reinforce market confidence.”
鉴于当前中国的复苏态势仍不明朗，政府继续保持适度的刺激政策，引领市场信心。”
The Caixin-sponsored series is based on a much smaller sample of private companies and tends to be more volatile than the official reading. The official survey focuses on larger state enterprises.
这个由财新赞助的系列调查，其调查对象是民营企业，样本比官方调查要小得多，其波动性往往大于聚焦大中型国有企业的官方PMI读数。
Hanergy Thin Film, the Hong Kong-listed solar company whose soaring stock briefly turned its owner into China’s richest man, has reported a HK$12.2bn (US$1.5bn) loss for 2015.
2015年，汉能薄膜发电(Hanergy Thin Film)录得122亿港元（合15亿美元）亏损。汉能薄膜发电是一家在香港上市的太阳能企业，其股价的飙升一度将其所有者推上中国首富宝座。
The company, whose shares are suspended during an investigation into its finances by Hong Kong’s stock market regulator, reported that revenues over last year fell to HK$2.8bn from HK$9.6bn, reports Miles Johnson in London.
该公司股票目前处于停牌状态，香港股市监管机构正对其财务状况展开调查。该公司财报显示，去年其营收从96亿港元降至28亿港元。
Last year the Financial Times ran a series of investigations into HTF’s business model and accounting, which relied almost entirely on selling equipment to its parent company in mainland China.
去年，英国《金融时报》对汉能薄膜发电的商业模式和会计操作展开了一系列调查，该公司的收入几乎完全依赖于向其内地母公司销售设备。
Since then its value has collapsed, making the once high flying company a symbol for the excess in China’s stock market. Owner Li Hejun’s Hanergy parent company has since warned bondholders that it is likely to default on debt payments.
该公司的价值自那时起已大幅缩水，这家曾经极为成功的公司由此成为中国股市泡沫的一个象征。其所有者李河君旗下的母公司汉能集团(Hanergy)还提醒该集团的债券持有人称，该集团可能会拖欠债务偿付。
HTF’s loss was driven by HTF writing off HK$7.9bn of good will from its balance sheet, but the company did not explain in its earnings statement why it decided to do so.
汉能薄膜发电的亏损主要源自其资产负债表中发生了79亿港元的商誉减值，但该公司在其财报中并未解释它为何决定这么做。
1. Make plans to volunteer your time.
1.做好主动贡献你的时间的计划。
Volunteering your time at a local nonprofit is a free way to give back to your community. Giving Tuesday, however, falls on a workday, which means you might not be able to afford to take time off.
在一个当地的非盈利机构主动贡献你的时间，是回馈你的社区的一个免费的方法。然而，“周二回馈日”却是在工作日，这就意味着你不或许不能请假。
Instead of volunteering on Giving Tuesday itself, make concrete plans to give back on a future date that fits your schedule.
不在“周二回馈日”当天的时候参加志愿活动的话，可以通过详细的计划在适合你的将来的某一天回馈社会。
You can find nonprofits that welcome volunteers in your area on Giving Tuesday's website or on VolunteerMatch. To find more volunteer work online, check out our resource here.
你可以在周二回馈日网站或者志愿者配对网站上，找到你所在区域欢迎志愿者的非营利性机构。为了在网上找到更多的志愿工作，可以点击查看我们这里的资源。
2. Offer your skills instead of your funds.
2.贡献你的技能而不是现金
Skills are irreplaceable, and they're often overlooked. Aside from volunteering your time, volunteering your skills and talents adds a personal touch to giving back.
技能是无可替代的，而且技能往往会被忽视。除了贡献你的时间，贡献你的技能和才能为回馈增添了一种个人的感触。
If you're well-versed in literature or math, consider tutoring school children in subjects they struggle to grasp. If crocheting and knitting are more your speed, consider creating prosthetic yarn breasts for women who have undergone mastectomies. If you're an expert conversationalist, visit a senior center to chat with the elderly.
如果你精通文学或者数学，可以考虑给那些努力掌握学习课程的学校学生授课。如果钩编和针织技术是你所擅长的，可以考虑给那些经历了乳房切除手术的女性做一些假体纱线乳房。如果你是一位健谈的专家，可以去老年中心和长者交谈。
Online services like Catchafire can help you match your skills to a relevant cause. Get creative — and put your talents to work.
网上服务，比如Catchafire，可以帮助将你的技能，与相关的事件相匹配。变得更加有创造力——将你的才能投入到工作中。
3. Harness the power of Facebook fundraisers.
3.利用脸书募捐人的力量
Creating a Facebook fundraiser page is a simple way to channel your social media prowess for good. Any Facebook user can make a fundraiser on the platform to benefit more than 750,000 nonprofits, promoting a cause to friends who might have some extra money to give.
创建一个脸书资金筹集活动页面是很简单地利用你的社交媒体渠道的一劳永逸的办法。任何脸书的用户都可以建立一个资金筹集活动平台来支持750,000多的非营利性机构，给那些或许有多余的钱捐献的人一个公益理由。
Take the initiative to create and run a fundraiser for a worthy cause on Giving Tuesday. You can encourage others in a more stable financial situation to donate to an organization you love, and use Facebook Live or personal posts to explain why you care about a certain issue.
在“周二反馈日”为一个有价值的公益事件来主动创建组织一个资金筹集活动。你可以鼓励处于更加稳定的财务状况的其他人来给你喜欢的机构捐钱，使用脸书直播或者个人博客来解释你关心一个特定问题的原因。
3 Types of Business Lunches (and What You Can Get Out of Them)
3种类型的商务午餐（以及午餐之外的收获）
Business lunches come in all shapes and sizes, from a department-wide learn at lunch session to a one-on-one interview with a prospective employer. To get the most out of any type of working lunch, you need to know what to expect, and prepare ahead of time.
商务午餐类型和规模多种多样，范围可以从整个部门的午餐学问到未来雇主的一对一面试。要想从多样的工作餐中收获很多，你需要推测可能发生的事，并提前做好准备。
Here are three types of working lunches, and how to maximize your time at each:
下面是3种类型的工作餐，以及最大限度利用每种工作餐时间的方法：
1. The job interview lunch.
1.工作面试午餐
Now is not the time to order anything messy. Skip meals you have to eat with your hands, and avoid sloppy sauces that might wind up on your face or worse, on your shirt. Lunch date rules apply here: don't drink alcohol, don't talk with your mouth full, and ask interested (and informed) questions.
现在可不是胡乱点菜的时候。忽略手抓食物，避免那些可能会弄脏脸或衬衫的酱汁食物。下面是适用于午餐约会的一些规则：不要喝酒，不要嘴里吃着东西说话，要问一些让别人感兴趣（显示自己知识面广的）的问题。
2. The lunch and learn.
2.午餐和学习
These events typically feature a speaker, often from outside your department or company, and focus on professional development, skills acquisition, or training. It's tempting to blow these lunches off, or attend and pay more attention to your food than the speaker. Fight the urge. The skills you pick up for free at these lunches can help you long after your time at the company is up.
工作餐的典型特征就是常常会有一位其他部门、公司的演讲者，并且演讲的主题涉及职业发展、技能习得和培训等方面。把这些午餐吃光，或者专注于食物而不是演讲者，当然都会引人注意。但是一定要战胜这种欲望。在你从公司上一家公司辞职之后的很长一段时间里，这些在午餐中免费学习的技能都将对你大有裨益。
3. The working lunch.
3.工作餐
Perhaps the most dreaded of all professional lunches, these sessions are a multitasking challenge to say the least. Trying to eat and talk without talking with your mouth full is tricky all by itself.
或许最让人畏惧的就是那些职业性的午餐，退一步来讲，午餐时间的讨论实际上是多重任务处理的挑战。既要吃，还不能嘴里含着东西讲话，这本身就是很需要技巧的。
Ideally, the organizer will send around an agenda prior to the lunch. Pay attention to what's under discussion, and come prepared to brainstorm or ask questions or take in new information with an open ear.
理想情况下，组织者一般都会在午餐之前发给你一份详细的工作日程表。要注意那些正在讨论的话题，并做好出主意、问问题或者广泛听取新消息的准备。
Tell Us What You Think
告诉我们你的看法
Do you love or hate business lunches?
你是喜欢，还是厌恶商务午餐呢？
Hundreds of students serenaded their beloved teacher Mr. Ellis outside his home last week to show support during his fight with an aggressive cancer.
上周，数百名学生在他们心爱的老师艾利斯先生的门外唱歌。这一举动是为正与恶性癌症斗争的艾利斯先生加油打气。
"It was one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen in my entire life," said Nate Morrow, headmaster at the school where Ellis works.
艾利斯所在学校的校长内特·莫罗表示：“这是我人生中见过的最美好的事情。”
"He is one of the kindest and intentionally loving people I've ever met in my life. I think that's what really characterizes him. He's always pursuing other people in wanting to get to know them and love them."
“他是我人生中见过的最善良的人，他总是关爱他人。我认为这是他真正的特点。他总是想要了解他人，并给予他们关爱。”
Ben Ellis has been teaching Latin and Bible at Christ Presbyterian Academy in Nashville, Tennessee, since 2008.
自2008年以来，本·艾利斯一直在田纳西州纳什维尔市的基督长老会学院教授拉丁语和《圣经》。
Last year, Ellis was diagnosed with cancer and began chemotherapy treatments, but that didn't stop him from showing up for his students.
去年,艾利斯被诊断出患有癌症，开始化疗，但这并不能阻挡他与自己的学生见面。
"He has remained involved in the CPA community even throughout his extensive treatment," a school representative said.
“在他接受大量治疗的期间，他仍置身于基督长老会学院的工作之中，”一位学校代表说道。
On Sept. 7, more than 400 faculty members and students, grades 9 through 12, gathered outside the home of Mr. Ellis. For 30 minutes, they played instruments and sang.
9月7日，400多名9至12年级的教师和学生们聚集在艾利斯先生的家门口。他们演奏乐器并且唱歌，一直持续了30分钟。
"I love you," Ellis wrote in a note to his students. "I believe now more than ever that God is good, and that he is with us...."
艾利斯在给他的学生们的纸条上写道：“我爱你们。我从未像现在这样确信，上帝是仁慈的，他与我们同在....”
On Sept. 10, country star Tim McGraw shared a video of Ellis peering from his window to hear his students sing. The post received more than 20 million views on Facebook.
9月10日，乡村歌手蒂姆·麦克洛分享了艾利斯在窗口看他的学生们唱歌的视频。这段视频在脸书上的点击率超过了2千万。
“Don’t call yourself Chinese if you haven’t tried everything on the periodic table,” goes a saying in China, a reference to a string of food safety scandals in recent years.
“如果你还没有把元素周期表上的所有东西都尝过一遍，就不要说自己是中国人，”中国人用这句俗话暗示近年来的一连串食品安全丑闻。
In the most recent episode, 100,000 tons of smuggled frozen meat has been seized across China, some of it more than 40 years old, the state news agency Xinhua reported. The chicken wings, beef and pork uncovered in the customs operation in 14 provinces and regions were valued at up to 3 billion renminbi, or $483 million, and 20 people have been arrested, it said.
最新的一个丑闻是：据官方通讯社新华社报道，中国查获了10万吨走私冻肉，其中一些是40多年前生产的。海关在14个省和地区开展的行动中，发现了货值超过30亿元人民币的鸡翅、牛肉和猪肉等冻品，已有20人遭到逮捕。
The origin of the meat was not clear. According to Xinhua, however, the meat typically was shipped to Hong Kong, then taken to Vietnam, where traders would smuggle it across the border to China without declaring it with customs officials or undergoing the required entry-exit inspection and quarantine. Some of the meat was found stamped with packing dates going back to the 1970s.
这些冻肉的来源尚不清楚。但据新华社报道，它们通常被运到香港，再发往越南，然后由商贩偷运入境，既不向海关官员申报，也不进行必要的出入境检验检疫。一些冻肉上的印戳显示加工时间早在20世纪70年代。
To hold down costs, the meat would be transported in ordinary, nonrefrigerated trucks, sometimes for more than 12 hours.
为了压低成本，这些冻肉会用普通卡车，而不是冷冻卡车运输，有时途中会超过12小时。
According to the Changsha Administration of Customs, in Hunan Province, one-third of the meat on offer at the largest wholesale market in the city was found to be illegally imported.
湖南省长沙海关总署表示，他们发现在该城市最大的批发市场中，有三分之一的肉类属于非法进口。
“It was too smelly! A truck full of it! I almost threw up when the door opened,” Zhang Tao, a Changsha official involved in the crackdown, was quoted as saying by Xinhua.
“太臭了，整整一车厢，打开门差点吐了，”新华社引述参与这次行动的长沙官员张涛（化名）说。
After being refrozen, the meat was distributed to retailers, supermarkets and restaurants in Guangdong, Sichuan and other provinces. China Central Television, the state broadcaster, showed workers in the southern city of Shenzhen repackaging the imported meat with Chinese labels, even though imported products, if legal, tend to be more profitable than local ones.Some of the meat was sold on the Internet. Many meat retailers have set up profiles on Taobao, the online shopping website owned by Alibaba, offering local and imported meat, often promising same-day delivery. Some claim to be selling beef imported from the United States, even though such beef has been barred from the Chinese mainland since 2003, following outbreaks of bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or mad cow disease.
这些肉类被重新冷冻后，发往广东、四川等省的零售商、超市和餐馆。在中国官方媒体中央电视台播出的视频中，南部城市深圳的工人用中国的标签对这些进口肉类进行重新包装，虽然出售合法进口的产品往往比本地肉类利润更高。有些冻肉则在网上出售。很多肉类零售商都在阿里巴巴旗下的购物网站淘宝上开设了网店，出售本地和进口肉类，而且往往承诺当天到货。一些网店自称出售美国进口的牛肉，虽然自从牛海绵状脑病即疯牛病爆发之后，中国大陆自2003年以来已经禁止了这些牛肉的销售。
In May, Deputy Trade Representative Robert Holleyman of the United States said that “huge amounts” of beef were bypassing the ban. American trade officials said that while it was not known how much of this smuggled beef was passing through Hong Kong, a semiautonomous Chinese territory with a separate customs system, the amount of beef entering Hong Kong from the United States alone was greater than the total consumed in Hong Kong from all sources.
今年5月，美国副贸易代表罗伯特·霍利曼(Robert Holleyman)表示，绕过该禁令的牛肉“数量庞大”。美国贸易官员表示，虽然目前还不清楚有多少这种走私牛肉途经了香港，但仅从美国进港的牛肉量，就已经超过了香港消耗的所有来源的牛肉量。香港是中国境内一个半自治的区域，有独立的海关系统。
“Theoretically, China has strict food safety regulations, but execution is often the problem,” Peter Cheung, director of the Food and Nutritional Science Program at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, said in an interview. “I personally would not buy meat online.”
“理论上讲，中国有严格的食品安全法规，但问题往往出在执行上，”香港中文大学食品及营养科学学科主任张志强在接受采访时说。“我自己不会在网上购买肉类。”
At $41 billion, Uber has become more valuable more quickly than any other start-up we’ve seen in recent years — faster than Facebook FB 2.03% , Google GOOG 0.43% , Amazon.com AMZN 0.50% and Salesforce.com CRM 0.29% , according to our analysis of VC-backed start-ups founded since Uber was created in 2009. Earlier this month when the taxi service announced a round of financing that gave it a $41 billion valuation at 5.93 years old, Uber set itself apart. At the same stage, Facebook was valued at about $32 billion, while Google was just over $3 billion.
打车应用服务公司Uber目前估值已经达到410亿美元。我们发现这家公司自2009年成立以来，是由风投支持的初创型企业中增值最快的一家，超过了Facebook、谷歌（Google）、亚马逊（Amazon.com）和云计算服务供应商Salesforce.com。本月早些时候Uber宣布了新一轮融资消息，公司估值在成立5.93年后达到410亿美元，在市场中脱颖而出。在同一阶段，Facebook的估值约为320亿美元，谷歌的估值则刚刚超过30亿美元。
Uber’s valuation does not guarantee it will be the next long-term superstar. But if the company can use its rapidly rising valuation to accelerate its expansion, it has a real shot at both beating its competitor, Lyft, and growing beyond personal transportation. Further, it can expand it’s services — potentially to delivery, logistics, other adjacent markets. To be sure, Uber is facing an ever increasing amount of challenges, from legal battles with local governments, to bad PR for the way it portrays women, all of which could hamper its growth and damage its brand. Additionally competitors like Lyft are nipping at its heals and more will surely come as the market for smart-phone powered point-to-point transportation expands. Despite these problems, Uber’s lead is so large and its value has grown so quickly, it would have to stumble badly to lose the battle for supremecy in this new space.
但这样的估值并不能保证Uber成为下一个持久的超级巨星。但如果该公司能将快速攀升的价值用于提高扩张速度，它就真的有可能击败竞争对手Lyft，并将业务延伸到个人交通领域之外。Uber可以进一步将其范围扩大到快递、物流以及其他相关市场。当然，Uber面临的挑战也与日俱增，比如和地方政府的法律纠纷，再比如涉嫌不尊重女性的糟糕公关，所有这些都可能对其发展和品牌产生不利影响。此外，Lyft等对手正在奋起直追；而且，随着基于智能手机的点对点（P2P）交通服务市场继续扩大，必将出现更多竞争者。不过，虽然存在这些问题，但在如此巨大的领先优势和增速之下，除非Uber犯下大错误，才会在这个新兴领域的王者争夺战中落败。
This comes amid the development of two important trends. First, among all VC-backed technology start-ups created since 2009, the rate at which their values have risen is three times faster today compared to just a decade ago. This increase in “time to market cap”, the measures how quickly companies increase in value, has become a major advantage for modern startups as they are able to build massive financial war chests at speeds never seen before. With this latest financing Uber has become the time to market cap champ.
伴随Uber成长的有两大趋势。首先，就所有2009年以来成立并且获得风投支持的科技初创公司来说，其价值上升速度与10年前相比快了三倍。作为衡量公司价值增速的指标，“市值形成速度（time to market cap）”的提升已经成为现代初创企业的一项主要优势，因为它们可以用前所未有的速度筹集到巨额资金。最新一轮融资过后，Uber已经在这场速度较量中成为冠军。
What’s more, it appears that new markets are being dominated by one company, especially in tech. Uber’s latest valuation is partly driven by how quickly the company is expanding abroad, but it also reflects demand for a growing global market for on-demand transportation, and Uber’s dominance in this category for years to come.
其次，新兴的市场看来都由一家公司主导，特别是在科技领域。Uber最新估值提升的部分动力来自该公司在海外的迅速扩张，但这也体现了全球按需交通服务市场的不断扩张和由此带来的需求，以及今后几年Uber在这个领域的统治地位。
We like to call Uber a “Category King” — companies that define, develop and dominate new markets. Airbnb is doing that in on-demand rentals. Salesforce.com did it in cloud-based CRM. Of the 80 or so $1 billion companies founded since 2000, half are Category Kings. They are more valuable than all the other companies in their categories combined. These firms routinely take more than 70% of the total available market cap of their market.
我们倾向于把Uber称为“细分类之王”，即那些定义了一个全新市场，并大力开拓，占据市场主导地位的公司。Airbnb就在按需租房领域扮演着这样的角色。在基于云技术的客户关系管理服务市场，Salesforce.com也是如此。2000年以来成立而且市值达到10亿美元的公司有80家左右，其中一半都是“细分类之王”。它们的价值超过了本领域其他公司的价值之和，而且往往占据所在市场中所有公司总市值的70%以上。
Uber is clearly being valued as the king of a new category that stretches way beyond taxi rides. Investors see potential in on-demand delivery from Uber vehicles, for instance. Unless Uber screws up, its competitors, such as Lyft and Sidecar, will fade into the background. If Uber truly proves to be the Category King in a vastly expanding new category, it’s record valuation will seem rational.
显然，人们在评估Uber的价值时，认为其所统领的新领域将远远超越出租车服务。举例来说，投资者就看到了Uber车辆的按需递送的潜力。除非Uber自毁前程，否则Lyft和Sidecar这样的竞争对手就只能生活在其阴影之中。如果Uber能证明自己在一个大范围扩张的新领域居于王者之位，该公司创纪录的估值就应该属于合理水平。
Al Ramadan, Christopher Lochhead and Dave Peterson are co-founding partners at Play Bigger Advisors, a San Francisco-based firm that coaches technology executives to build market-leading companies. Neither the firm or its partners have investments in Uber, Lyft, Google, Amazon.com or Salesforce.com.
本文作者艾尔o拉马丹、克里斯托弗o罗克海德和戴夫o彼得森是Play Bigger Advisors公司联合创始人。这家总部位于旧金山的咨询机构致力于指导科技公司高管如何打造市场领先的公司。该公司和这三位合伙人均未向Uber、Lyft、亚马逊或Salesforce.com投资。（财富中文网）
42 air companies in China have released the detailed standards of compensation for flight delays.
近日，国内42家航空公司公布了航班延误补偿的具体标准。
These airliners will compensate for flight delays caused by maintenance, flight reallocation and errors by flight crews.
这些航空公司将就因机务维护、航班调配以及机组人员过失造成的航班延误进行赔偿。
The compensation from Air China and China Eastern will be 200 yuan for each passenger if the flight delay is over 4 hours and 400 yuan if the delay surpasses 8 hours.
若航班延误4小时以上，中国国航和东方航空公司将向每位旅客补偿200元；若延误8小时以上，则向每位旅客补偿400元。
The two airlines will also provide their passengers food and accommodation services if flights are delayed or cancelled at stopover sites.
若航班在经停地点延误或取消，这两家航空公司还将向旅客提供食宿服务。
Some other airlines have set the compensation standard for flight delays at between 200 yuan and 400 yuan.
其他一些航空公司将航班延误补偿标准设置在200-400元之间。
Meanwhile, nearly all of the low-cost airlines in China, like Urumqi Air, China United Airlines and Spring Airlines, have promised no compensation for any flight delays.
与此同时，几乎所有国内低成本航空公司，如乌鲁木齐航空、中国联航、春秋航空等，对任何航班延误都不予以赔偿。
The 42-second video, filmed by Li (pseudonym) on April 14 in the Huadu district of Guangzhou, shows a man crying for help while he stands trapped in a burning building behind a barred window, the Beijing-based Legal Daily newspaper reported Saturday.
据北京《法制日报》报道，小李（化名）于4月14日在广州花都区拍摄了一段42秒长的视频。该视频显示，一名男子被困在了着火建筑的防盗网边上，正在哭求帮助。
The Fire Corps of Guangdong Province released five posts on its official Sina Weibo account on last Friday and Saturday confirming that the man in the video had died in the accident and blaming the outcome on the video and its author, making the incident a hot topic on Chinese social networks.
随后，广东省消防总队于上周五和周六在其新浪官方微博上发了5个帖子，证实视频中受困男子已在该起事故中死亡。此外，广东消防总局还强烈谴责这段视频和它的拍摄者，此举使得该事故在中国社交网站上引起了广泛关注。
"We can do much more than standing outside to watch," the fire corps said in a post.
广东消防总局在在博文中写道：“我们可以做的事情有很多，而不是只能袖手旁观。”
A preliminary investigation showed that the man died as the result of his own act of arson after a conflict with his family, Guangzhou-based newspaper New Express Daily reported.
据广东《新快报》报道，事故初步调查结果显示，火灾是由于该男子与家人起了冲突，随后纵火导致的，而该名男子亦葬身于火海。
Li later argued that he had tried to save the man in the video but failed because he was too far away to reach the man in time.
事情发生之后，小李对舆论进行了反驳，表示他曾经尝试着去救该名男子，但由于他离着火房屋实在太远，导致他不能够及时赶到事发地点。
He also plans to move away from Huadu district after the video he uploaded to his WeChat group chat grew into a heated topic, news site thepaper.cn reported.
据澎湃新闻网报道，小李目前打算搬离花都区，因为自从他上传了这份视频到微信群里之后，针对这起事件的争论已经变得越来越激烈，使得他承受了很大的压力。
Around 14,000 online posts hashtagged "fire photographer's cruel 42 seconds" have received more than 16.4 million clicks on Sina Weibo, and many users have left angry comments blaming Li.
在新浪微博上，有大约14000条以“火灾拍摄者残忍42秒”为标签的帖子，目前已有1640万点击量。许多人都在微博上表达了自己的愤怒，对小李进行谴责。
"There is no law demanding that common people have the responsibility to save others in fires, but it is the moral obligation of people to help others," an official from a fire corps in Beijing told the Global Times.
一名北京消防局的官员告诉《环球时报》称：“虽然法律上没有规定要求普通人有责任在火灾中救人，但是这是人们的道德义务。”
"Modern devices such as smartphones have made it possible to record and spread information in a short time," He Hui, vice director of the Public Relations and Public Opinion Institute at the Communication University of China, told the Global Times. "Meanwhile, people tend to record more and express themselves to gain attention from others as a form of self-aggrandizement."
中国传媒大学公共关系与公共舆论研究所副所长何辉对《环球时报》表示：“智能手机等现代通讯设备使得人们能够在短时间内完成对信息的记录和传播。与此同时，人们倾向于记录更多的事情同时更多地表达自己，以此来吸引其他人的注意，从而满足自己的虚荣心。”
"People often see the events around them as external things and prefer to comment on them and spread those comments around, instead of participating in solving the problems or contributing their abilities," He noted.
他指出：“人们往往认为发生在他们周边的事情和自己没有太大关系，而且他们喜欢对这些事情发表评论并把这些评论分享给别人，而不是参与到这个问题的解决过程中来、或是贡献他们的力量。”
"It is the unfairness and injustice of our society that create such an indifferent response in people," Zhou Xiaozheng, a sociology professor with the Renmin University of China, noted.
中国人民大学社会学教授周孝正表示：“我们社会的人心如此冷漠，这真是太不公平、太不公正了！”
The inimitable Kate Moss is a true British fashion icon, single-handedly spearheading the sales of skinny jeans, Ugg boots and leopard-print coats in recent years. Despite her feline features being some of the most instantly recognisable in the world, her chameleon-like ability to transform for shoots and campaigns is second to none. It's hard to believe, but Kate Moss is turning 43, and we would like to offer the following style commandments.
不可复制的凯特?摩丝是不折不扣的英国时尚偶像，这些年是她一手将紧身牛仔裤、UGG雪地靴和豹纹外套捧成了热门单品。尽管她那张猫一样的面孔是世界上识别度最高的脸蛋之一，但她在拍电影和广告时如变色龙一般在不同形象间随意转变的能力可是一时无两。也许你难以置信，但是凯特?摩丝今年已经43岁了。这么多年凯特?摩丝给我们留下了哪些时尚戒律呢？
1. Treat leopard print as a neutral
豹纹是中间色
Animal prints are the new neutrals, there is simply nothing that they won't work with. Ms Moss mixes her trusty leopard and cheetah motifs with every colour, adding way more excitement than if she'd toned her look down with a jacket in navy, white or grey.
豹纹是新的中间色，没有什么是豹纹不能搭配的。凯特?摩丝将她钟爱的豹纹元素和各种颜色相搭配，相比穿深蓝、白色或灰色的夹克衫，这样的打扮更带感。
2. Wearing all-black cuts a powerful, slimming silhouette
从头到脚都穿黑色，有力地塑造出苗条轮廓
Wearing all-black offers a fast-pass to instant chic as it makes every figure look slimmer and more put-together. It's also a total time-saving strategy on hectic mornings, because you know that everything in your wardrobe will match.
一身黑的打扮让人一眼看上去就觉得很时髦，也让身材显得苗条紧凑。在忙乱的早晨这也是个节省时间的好办法，因为你知道一身黑和衣柜里的任何配饰都很搭。
3. Red lipstick can pull any outfit together, instantly
红色口红可以让衣服立刻显得很有范儿
A shot of red lipstick can brighten the face, balance the skin's tone and, from a fashion perspective, it can make anything you wear look more deliberate and polished. It's a beauty trick that Kate has been employing for years, upping the ante on jeans, t-shirts and tuxedos alike.
涂上红色口红可以让脸部焕发神采、平衡肤色，从时尚的角度看，它还能让你穿的衣服看起来更优雅，像是精心搭配过的。这是摩丝多年来屡用不爽的美颜诀窍，不论是穿牛仔裤、T恤还是礼服，这一招都能给自己加分。
4. Invest in good boots
花钱买各种好靴子
Oh, to take a glance in Kate Moss's boot cupboard. From biker flats to over-the-knee heels, she's got every classic style and shape imaginable, offering chances aplenty to switch up her overall silhouette. Moss is evidently savvy to the vibe-changing magic which a simple shoe swap can achieve.
去看看凯特?摩丝的鞋柜吧。从适合骑车的平底鞋到过膝高跟鞋，各种经典款式和形状的鞋，只要是你能想到的，摩丝都有。正是这些鞋子让摩丝成为百变女王。只需要简单地换双鞋，整个人的气场就发生了神奇的变化。摩丝显然深谙此道。
5. Sheer pop socks solve the bare ankle dilemma
露脚踝很尴尬？穿双透明短袜吧
So just as you've got used to the fact that all trousers are cropped and nothing will ever be floor-length again, the weather turns nippy. Just look to Kate's ankles for the answer - subtly sheer pop socks.
当你习惯了所有的长裤都是九分裤时，天气忽然变冷了。看看摩丝的脚踝，就知道答案了——穿上透明短袜就行了。
6. Just add a scarf
加一条围巾效果就很不一样
We're not saying your weekend outfit of a t-shirt and jeans is boring, we're just saying... "Look how exciting Kate Moss has made hers with this teeny addition."
我们不是说你T恤加牛仔裤的周末打扮太无聊，我们只是想说：“看凯特?摩丝把T恤加牛仔裤穿出了青少年的味道。”
7. A statement coat makes the outfit
一件抢眼的大衣就能拯救你的衣品
Rescue a boring outfit by draping a statement coat over the top. Anything boldly coloured, brightly patterned or tantalisingly textured will do the trick (and ideally, faux fur as well).
如果你今天这一身打扮实在不起眼，就披上一件抢眼的外套吧。任何颜色夺目、图案明亮或质地上乘的外套都可以达到不错的效果（人造皮草大衣也很理想）。
8. Belt up
系上腰带
Learn from Kate Moss's Met Gala look in 2008 as she's masterfully cinched in a Grecian-inspired dress with some strong silverware, giving herself instant curves.
2008年凯特?摩丝在纽约大都会艺术博物馆慈善舞会上高超地给自己的希腊风格裙子系上银色腰带，立马就让自己有了曲线。你可以学一学。
9. Wear a scarf at your waist
在腰间系丝巾
Get even more use of those silk scarves by threading them through your belt loops and tying them at the hip to add a little boho flair to your favourite jeans.
充分利用你的丝巾，将其穿过裤袢，在胯部系个结，给你最爱的牛仔裤增添几分波希米亚风味。
10. Break your own style rules
打破你自己的时尚规则
The greatest style lesson we can take away from Ms Moss? Wear whatever you damn well want, just wear it with a supermodel attitude.
我们从摩丝身上学到的最重要的时尚经验就是你可以穿你想穿的任何东西，但要带着超模的心态去穿它。
Recently, the story of a middle-aged Chinese rag-picker went viral online. With a keen interest in English, the 44-year-old woman has been teaching herself English for over 20 years, and can now read English newspapers and translate English novels.
近日，中国一位中年拾荒者的事迹在网上走红。由于对英语有着浓厚的兴趣，这位44岁的女子坚持自学英语20多年，现在可以读英文报纸，翻译英文小说。
Yuan Yinghui was born in a village in Qingdao, east China's Shandong Province. She began learning English in junior middle school and has been passionate about it ever since.
她叫袁英慧，出生于中国东部山东省青岛的一个乡村。她在初中时开始学英语，自那时起便对学英语充满了热情。
Yuan enrolled in a vocational high school in Qingdao at the age of 17, majoring in clothing, in which she later found herself utterly uninterested.
17岁时，袁英慧考入青岛市的一所职业中学，学习服装专业，后来她发现自己对这个专业不太感兴趣。
As her classes seemed dull, and more importantly, there was no opportunity to learn English, she decided to drop out of school in her second year to dedicate all her time to English study.
由于课程比较枯燥，最重要是没有机会学英语了，她在第二年就肄业，专门去学习英语了。
Almost everyone around Yuan disagreed with her decision. Her parents hoped that she could keep her mind on her schooling so that she could find a decent job in a garment factory. People in her village judged her. Eventually, Yuan left home and lived a life on her own.
袁英慧身边的人几乎都不同意她的决定。她的父母希望她能踏踏实实读书，毕业后在服装厂找到一份体面的工作。村里的人也对她评头论足。最终，袁英慧离家出走了。
Though life after leaving home was difficult and unsettled, Yuan never gave up on her passion for English. Except for living expenses, she used almost all of her salary to buy English materials.
尽管一个人的生活很艰难，居无定所，可袁英慧从未放弃过对英语的追求。除开生活开支，其他的钱她都用来买英语学习资料。
Since she wanted to spend a significant amount of time learning English, as soon as she had saved enough money, she quit her job and devoted herself to self-learning, sometimes for several years at a time.
由于她想有大量的时间学习英语，一旦攒够了钱，她就辞掉工作，全身心地投入到学习中，有时一次学几年。
Listening to English news, attending English Corner activities held at colleges, reading English magazines, Yuan used every resource available in an attempt to enhance her English skills.
听英语新闻、参加大学里举行的英语角、阅读英语杂志，她利用一切可用的资源来提高英语技能。
This continued until 2016, when Yuan became afraid that holding down a job might force her to give up on English entirely. So, in May 2016, she decided to become a rag-picker to allow herself more study time.
这种情况持续到2016年，当时她感觉找到工作会让自己完全放下英语，因此在2016年5月，她决定做一名拾荒者，这样就有更多的时间学英语。
Last year, Yuan translated The Lost, an English crime novel written by Roberta Kray. She finished the translation in five months, with the translated text handwritten in six notebooks.
去年，袁英慧还翻译了罗伯塔·克雷的英文犯罪小说《追踪者》。她在五个月内完成了翻译工作，翻译的文字写满了6本笔记本。
"I told people I could read English newspapers, and they thought I was lying because I only went to middle school," Yuan told local media.
袁英慧在接受当地媒体采访时表示：“我给人们讲我可以读英语报纸，他们觉得我骗人，因为我才只初中学历。”
Being asked why she remained so passionate about English for so many years, Yuan explained that she wanted to make her life meaningful, and she doesn't regret her decision.
当被问及为什么这么多年来她一直对英语充满热情时，袁英慧解释说她想让自己的生活变得有意义，她并不后悔自己的决定。
"I would make the same decision if I were given another chance at life," said Yuan, disclosing that she wishes to become a translator and settle down in the future.
袁英慧说道：“如果再给我一次机会，我也会做出同样的决定。”她表示希望自己能成为一名翻译，将来能安定下来。
The new 4G mobile phone services in the UK are not as super-fast as the industry promised - and could get worse.
在英国，新的4G移动服务达不到运营商所承诺的超高速度，而且速度可能还会变慢。
The mobile phone companies boasted that 4G services would be ‘five times faster' than the existing 3G networks when they launched in the autumn of 2012.
当移动运营商在2012年秋季开通4G服务时，它们宣称4G服务的速度将比现有3G网络快5倍。
However, a new official study puts the real figure at an average of 2.5 times faster - 14.7 megabits per second compared to 5.9Mbit/s per second on the 3G service that most people use.
然而，一份新的官方研究表明，真实的数字是4G速度仅比3G平均快2.5倍——也就是4G速度是14.79Mbit/s，大多数人使用的3G网络的速度是5.9Mbit/s。
At the same time, the evidence suggests that 4G services are likely to slow down as more people connect to them.
同时，有证据表明，当更多的人接入网络时，4G服务有可能变得更慢。
4G technology is being promoted by the big mobile networks on the basis it offers high speed internet access and smooth video streaming without annoying buffering.
基于能够提供高速的网络接入和流畅的视频流媒体服务并避免烦人的缓冲等优势，4G技术得以在大型移动网络中得到应用。
More than 10 million people have been won over by the promises and have signed two year contracts costing an average of ￡20 ($30) a month.
超过一千万人被这一承诺所打动，他们签定了平均每月消费20英镑的合约。
When 4G services launched at the end of 2012, the average download speed was up at around 19 Mbit/s, however the new research suggests an average of 14.7 and other studies put it as low as 10.
当4G服务在2012年年底刚开通时，平均下载速度可达19Mbit/s。新的研究表明现在这一数字仅为14.7Mbit/s，甚至有研究认为只有10Mbit/s。
This has happened because more people are using the service, effectively causing jams on the airwaves. The only way this can be countered is if the networks spend millions upgrading masts and installing new ones.
这是因为越来越多的人开始使用4G，导致了无线网络的拥堵。而唯一的解决办法是由运营商投入大量资金对基站进行升级并且增加基站数量。
Forget the breathless coverage of China Mobile offering the iPhone for a moment. Yes, it's huge news for China's biggest wireless carrier and Apple (AAPL) -- and we've heard plenty to the point. But the real game changer for China is another mobile milestone that's nearly as imminent: the rollout of the faster wireless network standard 4G.
中国移动（China Mobile）即将发布iPhone的消息铺天盖地，让人喘不过气来。诚然，对于世界最大的运营商中国移动和苹果公司（Apple）而言，这绝对算得上是大新闻，可惜大家早就听腻了。近来对于中国移动通信界真正的里程碑事件是——4G网络牌照即将发布。
People elsewhere in the world take 4G for granted. I should know -- I once did. After 4G came to New York, my smartphone became faster than my PC. I watched Netflix (NFLX) on my iPhone. Google Maps (GOOG) search was instantaneous. Newspapers downloaded in seconds.
其它国家的手机用户对4G网络已经习以为常。我以前就是这其中的一员。纽约覆盖上4G网络之后，我发现智能手机的上网速度竟然比PC机要快了。我可以在iPhone上观看Netflix视频；谷歌地图（Google Maps）的搜索速度堪称实时；而下载一份报纸只需要几秒钟。
Not so in China. Here, 3G still rules. I moved to Beijing this year, and the downgrade from 4G to 3G was brutal. The same apps weren't the same. Google Maps? Acceptable, but not great. Apple Newsstand: painfully slow. Yahoo Fantasy Football (YHOO) ... well, just don't wait to set your rosters.
但在中国，大行其道的仍是3G。我今年去北京时亲身体会了一把从4G降级至3G后的速度。同样的应用程序仿佛变了个样。谷歌地图？反应勉强能接受。苹果报刊杂志应用？速度相当悲剧。至于雅虎（Yahoo）梦幻足球游戏，就这速度还想排兵布阵？
The 4G rollout in China has progressed in fits and stops. China Mobile (CHL) announced in 2012 that it would upgrade its systems to TD-LTE, a 4G standard, only to be rebuffed by government officials who worried the technology was not mature enough for the market. Delays ensued. 4G was wait-listed until now.
4G在中国可谓一波三折。中国移动早在2012年就宣布将升级至TD-LTE 4G网络。但由于监管部门认为当时的4G技术不够成熟，无法推向市场，中国移动只好作罢。这一拖就拖到了现在。
Last week, China took the official step of granting 4G licenses to the three big state-owned carriers, China Mobile, a giant among giants with 60% of China's mobile market, China Unicom (CHU), second-largest with little over 20% share, and No. 3 China Telecom (CHA). The 4G switch is flipped on Dec. 18, when big cities will fire up the new network. (In a nod to the potential 4G offers, the Party has turned supportive. There's little talk from carriers about the cost of licenses from the government, compared to the Western world where carriers spend tens of billions on new spectrum.)
上周，中国工信部正式向三大国有运营商——中国移动（中国移动通信市场上的老大，约占据60%的市场份额）、中国联通（China Unicom，约占20%的市场份额）和中国电信（China Telecom）发放4G牌照。4G网络正式运营时间定在12月18日，届时一些有条件的大城市可开始切换网络。（出于对潜在4G网络的认同，中国政府开始大力支持4G的发展。各大运营商提都没提政府收取4G牌照费用的事，这与西方运营商动辄花费数百亿美元购买频谱资源简直是天渊之别。）
Insiders say by mid-2014, the country should be far along in adopting 4G. I met one of those insiders last night at a press event for Huawei, the Chinese maker of telecom equipment that is now competing in smartphones and tablets. (Hence, the press mixer. The company previously had little need for reporters because of its business-to-business focus.)
业内人士表示，到2014年年中，中国4G网络的普及将取得很大进展。我上周四晚上在华为（Huawei）召开的新闻发布会上就见过一位这样的知情人士。华为是中国最大的通信设备制造商，如今还运营智能手机和平板业务。（这家公司这次召开新闻发布会也是一个拼盘。华为此前没什么必要同媒体打交道，因为它面向的主要是企业客户。）
Qiu Heng is TDD Network Vice President at Huawei, part of the company's 4G team. I asked Heng what's been the most difficult part of China's 4G rollout, seeing as it's coming three years after 4G was adopted in the U.S. and Japan. He thinks about it for a moment. "There has been no difficulty," he says. This sounds improbable, and it is.
华为TDD产品线副总裁邱恒是华为4G团队的一员。鉴于中国采用4G网络比美国和日本晚了三年，我问邱恒在中国部署4G网络的过程中，最大的难点是什么。他想了想，说：“没有遇到什么困难。”这话着实令人难以置信。
But it's true that Huawei has worked out the 4G kinks in its equipment in Japan. The 4G release in China, now that it's been officially sanctioned, should be smooth, despite the massive numbers involved. China Mobile, for instance, needs to upgrade more than 200,000 base stations. (Heng points out the U.S. and Japan combined have 150,000 stations.) Software upgrades and minor hardware modifications to existing stations are enough to support 4G using Huawei's technology. Reports put China Mobile's cost of station upgrades at $3 billion.
不过，华为在日本确实成功推出了4G设备。既然4G网络在中国已经正式获批，那么尽管涉及的基站数目庞大，4G网络的推出仍然应当十分顺利。举例来说，中国移动需要升级20多万个基站。（邱恒指出，美国和日本总共才有15万座基站。）借助华为的技术，只需对现有基站进行软件升级和小的硬件改造，就能支持4G网络。报道称，中国移动的基站升级成本约为30亿美元。
This is a game changer, Heng says. For the first time Chinese consumers will be able to consistently watch video on their phones. Mobile shopping, already popular, should grow faster with faster speeds. Media, entertainment, and other commerce should all experience a new era in China.
邱恒称4G网络的普及将带来颠覆性的影响。中国消费者将能够在手机上持续的观看视频。已经流行的手机购物将加速发展。媒体、娱乐以及中国的其他行业都将进入一个新的时代。
Bigger than the iPhone release, I ask Heng? He nods his head yes.
我问邱恒，4G网络是不是比中国移动开卖苹果iPhone的意义还要重大？他点头表示赞同。
Have you ever written a to-do list, only to find that, at the end of the day, you hadn’t even managed one item on it?
你是否曾经写过任务清单，然后到头来发现到清单上面一件事也没做？
When you fail to make headway with your to-do list, you might end up blaming yourself – but it’s probably not your fault.
当你的任务清单毫无进度，你便责骂自己，但是这可能不是你的原因。
To-do lists are great tools, but to be truly effective, you need to know a few tricks for making them work well.
任务清单是一个伟大的生活工具，可是想要让其生效，你需要一些技巧把清单做得头头是道。
1: Write Action Items
1. 写出动词部分
Does your to-do list look like this?
你的任务清单是这样写的？
New desk?
新桌子？
Bob and Jane
鲍伯和珍
While you might know exactly what these mean in the context of your day, there’s also a good chance you’ve not really pinned down each task.
虽然你可能会准确地知道这些在你的清单中的意思，但这种写法很可能让你松懈，不强行自己完成每一个任务。
After all, you’re unlikely to sit down and get all your taxes completely done in one session – and when you see “taxes” on the list, your first response is probably to jump straight to the next item.
毕竟，你不可能坐下来，把关于税收的写成一段话，然而，当你看到写着“税”的单子，你的第一反应很可能是直接跳过去浏览下一个项目。
A really effective to-do list uses action items. That means starting each task with a verb, and being specific about what you’re going to do:
一个真正有效的任务清单是会写出操作项目。也就是每一个任务是以动词开始的，并且要详细到你要干嘛。
Check tax deadline, and sort all receipts into date order.
检查纳税期限，根据日期顺序整理所有收据。
Look into the top three options for a new desk.
去家具店买一把新桌子。
Call Bob and Jane to confirm dinner this weekend.
给鲍勃和简打电话确认本周末的晚餐.
2: Break Big Projects into Smaller Tasks2.
2. 把大项目分成小任务
Sometimes, a vague item is a big project that needs breaking into smaller tasks. “Write report” often isn’t something you can easily get your head around – but “get data for section 1 of report” is.
有时候,一个模糊的任务是一个大项目，需要分成一个个小的任务。“写报告”往往是让你没有头绪的东西，但是让你“找到报告第一部分的资料”就会让你很明了。
By breaking up any big projects into smaller tasks, you make your to-do list much more valuable. Once you actually get going on those tasks, you’ll already have done some of the high-level thinking – and you can check them off your list one by one, creating a (well-earned) sense of steady progress.
把每一个大项目分成一件件小任务会让你的待办事项清单更有使用价值。当你在执行这些细小的任务时，你已经开启了你的深度思考，每当完成一个任务，你会觉得倍儿有稳定向目标前进的感觉。
3: Put Timings Against Each Task
3. 给每项任务都限时
Perhaps you write a to-do list every day, but you rarely get through more than a few items on it. Unless you have at least a rough idea of how long your different tasks will take, you won’t know how many you can accomplish in a day.
每天都要写待办事项清单的你可能很少会把每一项都完成。若是你能大概估计完成每项任务需要的时间，你就知道一天可以完成哪些任务。
When you add an estimated time against each task, you get several great benefits:
当你给每个任务都添加了大概的时间，你会有所收获的哦：
You can race against the clock, trying to beat your time estimate – making you more efficient.
为了在你预计的时间范围内完成任务，你要和时间赛跑，这样，你会变得更有效率。
As time goes by, you’ll get a clearer sense of how long different tasks take (and you might be surprised by what you find)
时间一点一滴在流逝，你会很清楚不同的任务要完成需要的准确时间（可能你会很意外发现原来自己还有估计时间的功能）。
4: Batch Together Similar Tasks
4. 把类似的任务放在一起
If you’ve got a bunch of similar tasks, try to do them in batches, rather than one at a time. For instance, if you need to make ten phone calls this week, it’ll be most efficient to do them all at once.
如果有一堆差不多性质的任务，你可以把它们归成一项，而不是逐个逐个去完成。 比如，你这个周要打十个电话，如果你一次性全部打完是不是会更有效率点呢？
The same goes for lots of common tasks like:
同样，也适用于这些相同的任务：
Reading and answering your emails
查看并回复邮件
Looking up specific facts / information for your report
查找报告要用的详细资料
Finding great images to use for your presentation
找演讲要用的图片
Sometimes, this might mean reorganizing the way you complete a particular project. If you normally create each slide for your presentation separately, finishing Slide 1 before starting Slide 2, you might find that it’s more efficient to create draft text for all the slides, then find and add images.
有时候，这样也许会让你更有组织性地完成某项任务。倘若你是逐个制作你演讲要用的幻灯片，做完一张接着做下一张，你会发现给所有的幻灯片用一个文本会更有效率，接着只需要添加图片就可以了。
重点单词
查看全部解释
recovery
[ri'k?v?ri]
想一想再看
n. 恢复，复原，痊愈
ridiculous
[ri'dikjul?s]
想一想再看
adj. 荒谬的，可笑的
联想记忆
X
单词ridiculous 联想记忆：
rid笑+ic+ulous多…的→多笑的→可笑的
shift
[?ift]
想一想再看
n. 交换，变化，移动，接班者
v. 更替，移
toss
[t?s]
想一想再看
n. 投掷，震荡
v. 投掷，摇荡，辗转
联想记忆
X
单词toss 联想记忆：
美语发音：他死－因为被漫不经心地扔了。
exception
[ik'sepn]
想一想再看
n. 除外，例外，[律]异议，反对
segment
['segm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 部份，瓣，弓形
vt. 分割
联想记忆
X
单词segment 联想记忆：
seg部分+ment表示具体物→部分，一段
minutes
['minits]
想一想再看
n. 会议记录，(复数)分钟
expend
[iks'pend]
想一想再看
vt. 花费，消耗
联想记忆
X
单词expend 联想记忆：
ex出，pend掂量，挂－掂量出重量再花费
relaxation
[.ri:l?k'sein]
想一想再看
n. 松弛，放松，消遣
current
['k?r?nt]
想一想再看
n. (水、气、电)流，趋势
adj. 流通的
联想记忆
X
单词current 联想记忆：
currr跑，发生+cnt→跑的→流动的;潮流
重点单词
查看全部解释
recovery
[ri'k?v?ri]
想一想再看
n. 恢复，复原，痊愈
ridiculous
[ri'dikjul?s]
想一想再看
adj. 荒谬的，可笑的
联想记忆
X
单词ridiculous 联想记忆：
rid笑+ic+ulous多…的→多笑的→可笑的
shift
[?ift]
想一想再看
n. 交换，变化，移动，接班者
v. 更替，移
toss
[t?s]
想一想再看
n. 投掷，震荡
v. 投掷，摇荡，辗转
联想记忆
X
单词toss 联想记忆：
美语发音：他死－因为被漫不经心地扔了。
exception
[ik'sepn]
想一想再看
n. 除外，例外，[律]异议，反对
segment
['segm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 部份，瓣，弓形
vt. 分割
联想记忆
X
单词segment 联想记忆：
seg部分+ment表示具体物→部分，一段
minutes
['minits]
想一想再看
n. 会议记录，(复数)分钟
expend
[iks'pend]
想一想再看
vt. 花费，消耗
联想记忆
X
单词expend 联想记忆：
ex出，pend掂量，挂－掂量出重量再花费
relaxation
[.ri:l?k'sein]
想一想再看
n. 松弛，放松，消遣
current
['k?r?nt]
想一想再看
n. (水、气、电)流，趋势
adj. 流通的
联想记忆
X
单词current 联想记忆：
currr跑，发生+cnt→跑的→流动的;潮流
重点单词
查看全部解释
recovery
[ri'k?v?ri]
想一想再看
n. 恢复，复原，痊愈
ridiculous
[ri'dikjul?s]
想一想再看
adj. 荒谬的，可笑的
联想记忆
X
单词ridiculous 联想记忆：
rid笑+ic+ulous多…的→多笑的→可笑的
shift
[?ift]
想一想再看
n. 交换，变化，移动，接班者
v. 更替，移
toss
[t?s]
想一想再看
n. 投掷，震荡
v. 投掷，摇荡，辗转
联想记忆
X
单词toss 联想记忆：
美语发音：他死－因为被漫不经心地扔了。
exception
[ik'sepn]
想一想再看
n. 除外，例外，[律]异议，反对
segment
['segm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 部份，瓣，弓形
vt. 分割
联想记忆
X
单词segment 联想记忆：
seg部分+ment表示具体物→部分，一段
minutes
['minits]
想一想再看
n. 会议记录，(复数)分钟
expend
[iks'pend]
想一想再看
vt. 花费，消耗
联想记忆
X
单词expend 联想记忆：
ex出，pend掂量，挂－掂量出重量再花费
relaxation
[.ri:l?k'sein]
想一想再看
n. 松弛，放松，消遣
current
['k?r?nt]
想一想再看
n. (水、气、电)流，趋势
adj. 流通的
联想记忆
X
单词current 联想记忆：
currr跑，发生+cnt→跑的→流动的;潮流
重点单词
查看全部解释
recovery
[ri'k?v?ri]
想一想再看
n. 恢复，复原，痊愈
ridiculous
[ri'dikjul?s]
想一想再看
adj. 荒谬的，可笑的
联想记忆
X
单词ridiculous 联想记忆：
rid笑+ic+ulous多…的→多笑的→可笑的
shift
[?ift]
想一想再看
n. 交换，变化，移动，接班者
v. 更替，移
toss
[t?s]
想一想再看
n. 投掷，震荡
v. 投掷，摇荡，辗转
联想记忆
X
单词toss 联想记忆：
美语发音：他死－因为被漫不经心地扔了。
exception
[ik'sepn]
想一想再看
n. 除外，例外，[律]异议，反对
segment
['segm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 部份，瓣，弓形
vt. 分割
联想记忆
X
单词segment 联想记忆：
seg部分+ment表示具体物→部分，一段
minutes
['minits]
想一想再看
n. 会议记录，(复数)分钟
expend
[iks'pend]
想一想再看
vt. 花费，消耗
联想记忆
X
单词expend 联想记忆：
ex出，pend掂量，挂－掂量出重量再花费
relaxation
[.ri:l?k'sein]
想一想再看
n. 松弛，放松，消遣
current
['k?r?nt]
想一想再看
n. (水、气、电)流，趋势
adj. 流通的
联想记忆
X
单词current 联想记忆：
currr跑，发生+cnt→跑的→流动的;潮流
4 Time Management Tips That Can Save You Hours a Week
4个时间管理技巧可以帮你在一周内节省几个小时
If you're reading this on Sunday, in between doing work-related tasks that you just didn't have time for during the week, have hope. With a few small changes, you can manage your time so that you never (well, hardly ever) have to work the weekend again.
如果你在周日恰好阅读到这篇文章，而且正在为这周没时间做工作相关的任务而发愁，那么你就会看到希望了。只需要一些小变化，你就能管理好自己的时间，这样你就再也不会（或者基本不会）在周末工作了。
1. Batch like tasks.
1.分批处理相似工作
Multitasking, as we've said many times before, is the art of doing many tasks poorly. To really get stuff done, do one thing at a time for a set period of time. Better yet, batch, so that your brain doesn't have to make a huge leap every time you change activities.
我们之前也建议过很多次，多重任务处理就意味着低效率处理许多任务。想要把工作做好，就必须在一段特定的时间内一次做一件事。然而更好的办法就是分批处理相似的任务，这样就不会因为多次改变活动而需要很大的思维跳跃。
2. Block off your time.
2.限定自己的时间
Why is someone else's meeting more important than your work? In part, because they've blocked off time for it, most likely in your Outlook calendar. Make a commitment to yourself, using the same tools. Discretion is key, here: no one will respect your calendar if you block off whole days at a stretch, no matter how tempting it is.
为什么别人的约会总是比你的工作更重要呢？某种程度上是因为他们为约会定好了时限，很像是Outlook中的工作日程表。给自己一个承诺，使用同一种工具。想要做到这一点，就需要考虑周到：无论这一方法多么诱人，那么你也不能一次性将自己整天的时间限定死，因为这样就不会有人遵守你的工作日程表了。
3. Take frequent breaks.
3.经常休息
Plan them into your day, if possible. You're less likely to wind up wasting hours on the internet or playing games on your phone, if you know you'll get another break in a half an hour or so.
如果可能的话，可以将休息时间列入每日计划之中。如果你知道在大约半小时之后你就能再次休息，那么你很可能就不会耗费几个小时用手机上网、玩游戏了。
4. Sit as little as possible.
4.尽量不要坐着
Even if you can't get on board with the standing desk revolution, and your company isn't feeling the treadmill desk alternative, adding more physical activity to your day will benefit your health and concentration.
尽管你也很难适应站立办式办公桌的变革，而且你的公司也并不认为可以选择脚踏办公桌，那么每天增加一些身体活动都会有益于你的健康和专心。
When you take breaks, try to get up and move instead of just sitting in place. Ask questions in person. Go for a walk at lunch. Do whatever you can to keep from sitting at your desk for the whole day without a rest. You'll have more energy, and get more done during the time you spend in your chair.
当你休息的时候，尽量站起来走动走动，而不是还坐在座位上。要亲自去问问题。在午餐时间散散步。要尽量做一些事来避免整天坐在桌前不休息。这样你的精力会更充沛，在坐着办公的时间内就能完成更多的任务。
Tell Us What You Think
告诉我们你的看法
What are your favorite time management tips?
你最喜欢的时间管理技巧是哪些呢？
On Saturday, some 360 passengers on board a Seoul-bound Korean Air flight at the Hong Kong International Airport were forced to disembark, causing a serious delay.
15日，一架从香港国际机场起飞计划飞往首尔的航班上，360多名乘客登机后被迫下机，造成严重延误。
According to industry sources, four passengers in their 20s — three from main land,one from Hong Kong — abruptly asked to leave the plane just before it was about to take off.
根据业内人士消息，4名20来岁的乘客——3名来自中国内地，一名来自中国香港——就在飞机即将起飞前，突然要求下机。
The four turned out to be fans of K-pop group Wanna One that performed at the 2018 M-net Asian Music Awards (MAMA) on Friday.
这4名粉丝是韩国流行音乐团体Wanna One的粉丝，该男团14日的时候在Mnet亚洲音乐大奖（MAMA）颁奖典礼上进行了表演。
The four passengers — said to have been carrying placards of the idol group — booked two first-class seats, one business, and one economy — to get a closer look at the idol band members, who was scheduled to take the same flight.
这4名乘客——据说带着该偶像团体的标语板——订了两张头等舱，一张商务舱及一张经济舱机票，就为了近距离见见计划乘坐同一趟航班的爱豆。
When the K-pop band got on board, the fans flocked to where they were seated despite flight attendants' warnings.
等男团成员登机后，这几名粉丝不顾空乘警告，拥了上去。
Shortly after, the fans demanded a refund and tried to get off the plane just minutes before takeoff.
见爱豆愿望达成后，在飞机起飞前，他们要求退票下飞机。
According to aviation law, if even one passenger gets off the plane before takeoff, all passengers must also get off and go through security checks again for safety reasons.
根据航空法规定，如果起飞前有乘客下机，那么全部乘客必须重新安检。
JERUSALEM — Two Palestinians armed with a gun, knives and axes stormed a synagogue complex in an ultra-Orthodox Jewish neighborhood of West Jerusalem on Tuesday morning and killed four men in the middle of their morning prayers, the Israeli police said.
耶路撒冷——以色列警方称，周二早晨，两名巴勒斯坦人持一把枪、几把刀和斧头，突袭了西耶路撒冷一个极端正统派犹太社区的犹太会堂，共杀害四名男子，当时遇害者正在进行晨祷。
The assailants were killed at the scene in a gun battle with the police that wounded two officers, one of whom died of his injuries on Tuesday night. It was the deadliest attack on Israeli civilians in more than three years, and the worst in Jerusalem since 2008.
两名袭击者在与警方枪战时当场死亡，还有两名警察在枪战中受伤，其中一人因为伤势过重，于周二夜间不治身亡。这是三年多以来，针对以色列平民实施的最残暴的袭击，也是自2008年以来，耶路撒冷最严重的袭击事件。
Witnesses and Israeli leaders were particularly horrified at the religious overtones of an attack on a synagogue that killed men in ritual garments and spilled blood on prayer books.
由于袭击发生在犹太会堂，死者还穿着宗教服饰，祈祷书也溅上了血迹，其中的宗教意味让目击者和以色列领导人尤为震惊。周二发生的此次袭击造成五人死亡。
"To see Jews wearing tefillin and wrapped in the tallit lying in pools of blood, I wondered if I was imagining scenes from the Holocaust," said Yehuda Meshi Zahav, the veteran leader of a religious emergency-response team, describing the straps and prayer shawls worn by the worshipers. "It was a massacre of Jews at prayer."
“看到戴着经文护符匣(tefillin)、裹着披巾(tallit)的犹太人躺在血泊之中，我怀疑自己脑海里出现了大屠杀(Holocaust)时的场景，”一个响应紧急事件的宗教团体的资深领导人耶胡达·梅希·扎哈夫(Yehuda Meshi Zahav)说。“这场屠杀针对的是正在祷告的犹太人。”祷告者会在身上佩戴经文护符匣，披上披巾。
The 7 a.m. attack on a synagogue complex that is the heart of community life in the Har Nof neighborhood shattered Israelis' sense of security and further strained relations with Palestinians at a time of heightened tension and violence. Six people, including a baby, a soldier and a border police officer, have been killed in a spate of vehicular and knife attacks fueled in large part by a dispute over a holy site in the Old City known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.
早晨7点，此次袭击发生在一个犹太会堂，这里是哈尔诺夫(Har Nof)社区生活的核心。由于此时紧张氛围正在升级，暴力冲突加剧，此次袭击粉碎了以色列人的安全感，并导致巴以关系愈发紧张。共有六人在一系列使用车辆和刀具实施的袭击中丧生，其中包括一名婴儿、一名士兵和一个边境警察，这些袭击的起因，很大程度上在于涉及耶路撒冷老城(Old City)的一处圣地的争议。穆斯林将其称作神圣禁地(Noble Sanctuary)，犹太人将其称作圣殿山(Temple Mount)。
Three of the four men killed in the synagogue Tuesday were rabbis, and all were immigrants to Israel with dual citizenship. One was born in England, and three in the United States, including Moshe Twersky, 59, part of a celebrated Hasidic dynasty. The slain policeman, Zidan Saif, 30, a traffic officer, was from a Druse village in northern Israel. He died in a hospital.
周二在这座犹太会堂遇害的四人，都是具有双重国籍的以色列移民，一人出生在英格兰，另外三人生于美国。遇害者中有三人是拉比，其中包括59岁的莫谢·特韦尔斯基(Moshe Twersky)，他出自一个显赫的哈希德王朝(Hasidic dynasty)。遇害的警察叫做齐丹·赛义夫(Zidan Saif)，30岁，是一名交警。他来自以色列北部的一个德鲁兹派村庄，最后在医院去世。
Relatives identified the attackers as two cousins, Odai Abed Abu Jamal, 22, and Ghassan Muhammad Abu Jamal, 32. They were said to be motivated by what they saw as threats to the revered plateau that contains Al Aqsa Mosque and the Dome of the Rock.
经亲属确认，袭击者是表兄弟，他们是22岁的奥达伊·阿比德·阿布·贾迈勒(Odai Abed Abu Jamal)和32岁的加桑·穆罕默德·阿布·贾迈勒(Ghassan Muhammad Abu Jamal)。据称，他们之所以这么做，是因为他们认为阿克萨清真寺(Al Aqsa Mosque)和圆顶清真寺(Dome of the Rock)所在的神圣高地受到了威胁。
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel has repeatedly said he will not alter the status quo at the site, where non-Muslims are allowed to visit but not openly pray. Even so, President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority has called on Palestinians to protect the area and has warned of a "holy war" if it is "contaminated" by Jews.
以色列总理本雅明·内塔尼亚胡(Benjamin Netanyahu)曾反复表示，他不会改变此地的现状，即非穆斯林可以前来此地，但是不能进行公开祷告。即便如此，巴勒斯坦民族权力机构(Palestinian Authority)主席马哈茂德·阿巴斯(Mahmoud Abbas)还是呼吁巴勒斯坦人为该区域提供保护，并警告称如果此地被犹太人“玷污”，可能会发生“圣战”。
"They carried out this operation because of the fire in their hearts — they were under pressures, pressures, pressures, and in one ripe moment, the explosion took place," said a relative of the attackers who gave his name as Abu Salah, holding photographs of the men. "I say in full mouth, it is a religious war which Netanyahu has started," he added. “It will end the way we like.”
“他们之所以这么做，是因为心中的怒火——他们受到了压力、压力、压力，所以在时机成熟的时刻，就爆发了，”袭击者的一名亲属拿着两人的照片称。这名亲属自称叫做阿布·萨拉赫(Abu Salah)。“我可以肯定地说，这是内塔尼亚胡掀起的一场宗教战争，”他还说。“将以我们喜欢的方式结束。”
Mr. Netanyahu called Tuesday's attack "the direct result of the incitement" led by Mr. Abbas and Hamas, the militant Palestinian faction, and vowed to "respond with a heavy hand to the brutal murder of Jews who came to pray, and were eliminated by despicable murderers."
内塔尼亚胡称，周二的袭击是以阿巴斯和巴勒斯坦武装组织哈马斯(Hamas)带头“煽动的直接后果”，并声言要“重拳回击这些针对犹太人的残忍谋杀——这些犹太人前来祷告，却被卑鄙的歹徒杀害。”
The prime minister ordered the demolition of the homes of the perpetrators of the recent assaults. According to a statement from his office, he also "directed that enforcement against those who incite toward terrorist attacks be significantly increased." The statement referred to "the series of additional decisions that have been made to strengthen security throughout the country," but it offered no specifics.
内塔尼亚胡下令拆除近期袭击案元凶的住房。根据他的办公室发布的声明，他还“命令大幅加强针对恐怖袭击煽动者的执法力度”。声明提到“政府还做出了一系列其他决定，以加强全国的安全防卫”，但并未公布相关细节。
President Obama issued a statement condemning the killings in the synagogue, saying "there is and can be no justification for such attacks against innocent civilians."
奥巴马总统发表声明，对犹太会堂遇袭事件表示了谴责，称“这种针对无辜平民的袭击没有，也不应该有任何借口”。
“Too many Israelis have died; too many Palestinians have died,” Mr. Obama said later at the White House. "At this difficult time, I think it's important for both Palestinians and Israelis to try to work together to lower tensions and reject violence." He added: "We have to remind ourselves that the majority of Palestinians and Israelis overwhelmingly want peace."
“有太多的以色列人丧生，也有太多的巴勒斯坦人丧生，”奥巴马随后在白宫说。“我认为，在这个艰难时刻，巴勒斯坦和以色列应该尝试共同努力，缓和紧张程度，摒弃暴力。”他还说：“我们必须提醒自己，大多数巴勒斯坦人和以色列人都十分渴望和平。”
The United Nations special envoy for the Middle East, Robert H. Serry, also condemned the attacks. And Secretary of State John Kerry called on Palestinian leaders to do the same. "They must begin to take serious steps to restrain any kind of incitement that comes from their language, from other people's language, and exhibit the kind of leadership that is necessary to put this region on a different path," Mr. Kerry said in London after speaking to Mr. Netanyahu by telephone.
联合国中东问题特使罗伯特·H·塞里(Robert H. Serry)也对袭击事件表示了谴责。美国国务卿约翰·克里(John Kerry)呼吁巴勒斯坦领导人也同样做出谴责。克里与内塔尼亚胡通过电话之后，在伦敦表示，“他们必须开始采取切实举措，克制自己及其他人发表的煽动性言论，展示出带领该地区走上新道路所需要的那种领导风范。”
Mr. Abbas responded to Mr. Kerry's demand, offering his first denouncement of any Palestinian attack during the recent escalation.
阿巴斯对克里的呼吁做出了回应，首次对最近升级的局势中，巴勒斯坦一方采取的袭击行动做出谴责。
"We condemn the killing of civilians from any side," he said in a statement published by Wafa, the official Palestinian news agency. "We condemn the killings of worshipers at the synagogue in Jerusalem, and condemn acts of violence no matter their source."
“我们谴责任何一方杀害平民的行为，”他通过巴勒斯坦官方通讯社Wafa发表声明称。“我们谴责发生在耶路撒冷犹太会堂的针对祷告者的袭击，谴责任何人采取的暴力行为。”
But in the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank, there were celebrations after the attack, and other Palestinian leaders praised it as a response to what they see as a threat to the holy site, and to the recent hanging death of a Palestinian bus driver in Jerusalem. Relatives and friends of the driver, Yousef al-Ramouni, insisted that he was lynched by Jews, but the Israeli police said an autopsy on Monday found that his death was a suicide.
但在袭击事件发生后，加沙地带及约旦河西岸部分地区开展了庆祝活动，其他巴勒斯坦领导人则称赞，这期袭击是在回应圣地面临的威胁，以及最近发生的巴勒斯坦公交车司机被吊死的事件。司机优素福·拉穆尼(Yousef al-Ramouni)的亲人和朋友坚称，他是被犹太人死刑处死的，但以色列警方在周一称，尸检结果显示他是自杀身亡。
In Gaza City, people fired celebratory gunshots in the air on Tuesday, and praise for God and the attackers poured from mosque loudspeakers soon after the synagogue attack. Later, some people distributed sweets and paraded through the streets singing victory songs. Palestinian television ran photographs of similar outbursts of joy in Bethlehem, in the West Bank.
周二，袭击事件发生后不久，人们在加沙城鸣枪庆祝，清真寺的扬声器传出的都是对真主及袭击者的赞颂。稍后，一些人高唱胜利歌曲，上街游行，并分发糖果。巴勒斯坦电视台展示的图片显示，约旦河西岸的伯利恒也有类似的愉悦气氛。
A militant group, the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, claimed responsibility for the attack. But Micky Rosenfeld, a spokesman for the Israeli police, said the authorities were still investigating whether the assailants were affiliated with any group.
武装组织巴勒斯坦人民解放阵线(Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine)声称为袭击事件负责。但以色列警方发言人米基·罗森菲尔德(Micky Rosenfeld)表示，官方仍在调查袭击者是否与任何组织有关联。
The attackers were Palestinian residents of East Jerusalem, who carry Israeli identification cards, can travel freely throughout Israel, and often work in Jewish neighborhoods.
袭击者是东耶路撒冷的巴勒斯坦人，他们持有以色列身份证，能够在以色列自由行动，他们经常在犹太社区工作。
"We're also looking to see why they targeted this synagogue, were they familiar with this neighborhood," Mr. Rosenfeld told reporters in a conference call.
罗森菲尔德在电话会议上告诉记者，“我们也在调查他们为什么以这座会堂为目标，以及他们是不是熟悉这个社区。”
Within two hours of the attack, scores of Israeli security forces had stormed Jabel Mukaber, the Palestinian neighborhood of East Jerusalem where those believed to have been the assailants lived, spraying tear gas at their family home and into hills of olive trees. Relatives said that the police arrested the younger assailant's parents, three sisters and a brother, and the wife, mother and five brothers of the older attacker, who had three children, ages 6, 5 and 3.
袭击发生后的两个小时内，数十名以色列安全人员突袭了东耶路撒冷的巴勒斯坦社区贾巴尔·穆卡伯(Jabel Mukaber)。据称两名袭击者居住在该社区。安全人员对他们的房屋，以及种满橄榄树的小山喷洒催泪瓦斯。亲属们表示，警方逮捕了年龄较小的袭击者的父母、三个姐妹和一个兄弟，以及较年长袭击者的妻子、母亲和五名兄弟，这名袭击者有三个孩子，年龄分别有6岁、5岁和3岁。
"I salute Odai and Ghassan for this heroic operation," said a cousin, Huda Abu Jamal, 46. "Every Palestinian should strike. Our conditions are too bad. These men have no jobs. Al Aqsa is in danger. The settlers brutally hanged Yousef."
“我为这场英勇行动向奥达伊和加桑致敬，”46岁的表兄胡达·阿布·贾迈勒(Huda Abu Jamal)说。“每一名巴勒斯坦人都应该去袭击。我们的情况太糟了。这些人没有工作。阿克萨清真寺处于危险之中。犹太定居者残忍地吊死了优素福。”
Rabbi Twersky was a son of Isadore Twersky, a Harvard scholar and renowned Boston rabbi who died in 1997, and a grandson of Joseph Dov Soloveitchik, an Orthodox philosopher and teacher who died in 1993. According to the police, local news reports and the State Department, the other two Americans who were killed were Kalman Levine, 55, a rabbi originally from Kansas City, Mo., and Aryeh Kupinsky, 43. The Israeli Foreign Ministry initially said that Mr. Kupinsky, too, was a rabbi, but people who knew him said he was not. The fourth man who was killed was Rabbi Avraham Shmuel Goldberg, 68, a British-born father of six.
拉比特韦尔斯基的父亲是哈佛大学学者、波士顿著名拉比伊萨多·特韦尔斯基(Isadore Twersky)，外祖父是正统派哲学家、教师约瑟夫·多夫·索洛韦伊奇克(Joseph Dov Soloveitchik)。前者逝于1997年，后者逝于1993年。根据警方、当地新闻媒体和美国国务院披露的信息，另外两名被杀害的美国人是55岁的卡尔曼·莱文(Kalman Levine)和43岁的阿里耶·库平斯基(Aryeh Kupinsky)，前者是来自密苏里州堪萨斯城的拉比。以色列外交部起初表示，库平斯基也是一名拉比，但认识他的人说他不是。第四个受害者是68岁的亚伯拉罕·什穆埃尔·戈德堡(Avraham Shmuel Goldberg)，这名在英国出生的拉比有六个孩子。
At least a dozen other worshipers were injured, several of them seriously.
另外至少还有十几名祷告者受伤，其中几人伤势严重。
The synagogue complex, Kehilat Bnei Torah, houses several prayer groups and a large community hall on a quiet street. Several residents of the Har Nof neighborhood said the building was a center of life for Jews of Eastern European descent, and the hall was popular for weddings, film screenings and speeches.
坐落在宁静街道的Kehilat Bnei Torah犹太会堂里有几个祷告小组，还有一个社区聚会的大厅。哈尔诺夫社区的几位居民表示，这栋建筑是来自东欧的犹太人的生活中心，大厅常用来举办婚礼，放映电影和发表演讲。
Yossef Pasternak, who was praying at the synagogue, told Israel Radio he had heard gunshots at the height of the morning service.
在该教堂祷告的约瑟夫·帕斯特纳克(Yossef Pasternak)对以色列电台(Israel Radio)表示，他在晨祷期间听到了枪声。
"I turn around and I see a man with a pistol, who starts shooting point blank at people next to him," Mr. Pasternak said. "Immediately after, someone enters with a knife, a butcher-type knife, and also goes on a rampage in all directions." Mr. Pasternak said he hid under a chair.
“我转过身，看到一名持枪男子，他开始近距离射杀身旁的人，”帕斯特纳克说。“紧接着，有人拿着刀走了进来，仿佛是屠刀，也开始朝各个方向乱砍。”帕斯特纳克说自己躲在了一把椅子下面。
Shoppers will spend nearly ￡8billion this weekend as stores slash prices for Black Friday.
黑五来袭，商家促销，预计周末消费额将达80亿欧元。
Discounts on some products are expected to be so big that sellers will actually make a loss.
部分商品如果折扣太大，商家可能会亏损。
Retailers are using bargains to lure shoppers through the door – as they struggle to reverse a drop in sales fuelled by a squeeze on household budgets.
商家利用优惠吸引消费者，同时也要努力抵抗降价带来的损失。
Price cuts of 40 to 50 per cent are being promoted on many clothes and electricals, with the biggest deals seeing around two-thirds knocked off the cost.
不少服装和电器都因为促销降价40%到50%，某单成交时售价仅为原价三分之一，折扣最低。
A record number of stores are running promotions as they fear losing business to rivals or online giant Amazon.
众多商家搞促销活动因为害怕竞对商家，也怕被电商巨头亚马逊抢走生意。
Even Next has felt the pressure, and for the first time has brought forward its Boxing Day sale to start at 3am today. It has previously refused to hold sales in the run-up to Christmas.
就连软件公司Next都倍感压力，第一次将节礼日（Boxing Day，12月26日）促销提前到今天凌晨三点，以前Next在圣诞节前从未降过价。
Spending across the board is expected to be up 7 per cent on last year to reach ￡7.8billion over four days from today, according to the Centre for Retail Research and Voucher Codes website.
零售研究和凭证代码中心（Centre for Retail Research and Voucher Codes）网站说，海外购从今天算起，预计四天的销售额将达78亿欧元，相比去年上涨7%。
The warm autumn means fashion sellers are looking to offload masses of unsold coats, boots and woollens.
而这样的促销势头意味着服装卖家要将大量未售出的外套、靴子、毛衣等下架。
Meanwhile industry data has shown a slump in sales of furniture and household electricals from washing machines to TVs. These products will have particularly big reductions.
同时，销售业数据显示，家具、洗衣机和电视等日用电器的售价也大幅下降，这意味着利润也会下跌。
However some analysts warn that the price cuts could amount to disastrous self-harm. Apart from potentially selling items at a loss, there are huge costs involved in delivering items bought online and handling returns.
专家表示，降价相当于自毁前程。除了利润亏损，线上货物运输和退货问题也将带来巨大损失。
James Brown, from pricing experts Simon-Kucher, warned: 'Black Friday is now a real experience and shoppers love finding a bargain.
定价咨询公司西蒙顾和（Simon-Kucher）的杰姆斯·布朗（James Brown）说：“黑五现在已经成为实实在在的购物节了，消费者都喜欢讲价。”
'But for some businesses they will slash prices so much that they accidentally turn it into their most disastrous day of the year.
“但是对很多公司来说，价格越低，意味着这一天他们的损失越惨重。”
'We've reviewed thousands of promotions by hundreds of businesses, and we're confident that many will make dramatically less than they expect.Some will even make a loss.'
“我们看过无数商家的各种促销活动，这样的行为不但无法获得预期收益，有些商家甚至会赔得更多。”
Retail analyst Richard Hyman described Black Friday as 'crazy' in terms of damaging profits.
零售业分析师理查德·海曼（Richard Hyman）说，黑五对利润的打击简直是“毁灭性的”。
'Much of the trade would love to opt out but in this weakest of all retail markets, few have succeeded,' he said. 'With demand thin, Black Friday will essentially suck Christmas sales forward. For Amazon it's a stick with which to beat the industry.'
“很多商家都想退出黑五促销，但是零售业现在都不景气，没人能成功脱身。需求这么少，只有黑五能从本质上拉动需求。对亚马逊来说，黑五是促进零售业的大好时机。”
There was evidence of the issues facing stores as it emerged yesterday that two chains – furniture store Multiyork and shoe firm Shoon – are in trouble. Multiyork, which has 50 shops, has gone into administration. Shoon, with six shops, is also set to call in administrators – though it may be sold.
昨天，零售业的问题显现出来——家具品牌Multiyork 和鞋品牌Shoon都陷入了困境。Multiyork有50家分店，已经全部开始破产保护，Shoon的6家分店即将开启破产保护，也可能会被转手。
Some estimates suggest the Black Friday weekend will hoover up 40 per cent of all spending on Christmas. Amazon was at the forefront of bringing the American sale event to the UK in 2010. In the US, Black Friday comes on the day after Thanksgiving.
有人预计黑五过后的周末购物将抢占圣诞节销售收入的40%。美国的黑五在感恩节后的第二天，2010年，亚马逊首次将黑五的概念带到英国。
Research by PricewaterhousCoopers suggests half of adults will buy something in the sales – with the average spend ￡200. Lisa Hooker, from PwC, said: 'Retailers can't afford not to have a Black Friday promotion.'
互联网公司PricewaterhousCoopers做了调查，表示一般的消费者会在黑五购物，平均花费200欧元。丽萨·胡克（Lisa Hooker）说：“没有商家敢在黑五当天不打折。”
A Taiwanese man suspected of decapitating a four-year-old girl was beaten by an angry mob, as the case sparked fresh debate last Tuesday about the death penalty for child-killers.
日前，一名台湾男子杀人疑犯当街砍断一名四岁女童的头颅，却被愤怒的民众包围殴打。与此同时在上周二，这起砍头命案也引发了关于儿童杀手死刑的新一轮争议。
The man grabbed the child as she cycled to a Taipei metro station with her mother on last Monday, and beheaded her with a kitchen knife, police said.
据当地警方表示，上周一这名儿童正骑着自行车与母亲一同前往台北地铁站，途中一名男子突然靠近女童，并随即拿出菜刀砍向女童颈部。
The suspect pushed away the girl's mother as she tried to save her daughter. Seven bystanders were also unable to stop the man, police added.
警方补充说道，女孩的母亲见状赶忙去阻止嫌犯，但却被其一把推开。周围有七个行人也赶来帮忙，但最终仍是未能阻止嫌犯。
The girl has been identified only by her surname Liu. Local media have used her family nickname "little light bulb". Police said the suspect, a 33-year-old surnamed Wang, had previously been arrested for drug related crimes and had sought medical treatment for mental illness.
该名女童家人只透露孩子姓“刘”，当地媒体在报道时使用其昵称“小灯泡”。警方声称，该名嫌犯姓王，33岁，有毒品犯罪前科，并因精神上患有疾病在医院接受过治疗。
The case, the second child killing in Taipei in less than a year, has sparked widespread public anger and criticism of calls to abolish the death penalty.
事实上，台北在去年也曾发生过一起“杀童案”，该案件在当时也一度引起众怒，并引起了公众对废除死刑这项措施的广泛批判。
Taiwan resumed capital punishment in 2010 after a five-year hiatus. Executions are reserved for serious crimes including aggravated murder and kidnapping, but the political elite is divided over whether or not to retain it.
2010年，台湾恢复了中断5年的死刑制度。情节严重的谋杀以及绑架等犯罪行为都在死刑范围之内，然而政治领域的众多精英人士却为是否应该对其进行保留而产生分歧。
Parliament says it will on Thursday a review of a bill that would ensure those convicted of killing children under 12 are given the death penalty, or at least a life sentence in the case of severe mental illness.
台湾立法委员会表示将在周四提出一份修正草案，主张故意杀害12岁以下幼童者将给予死刑，若嫌犯患有重度精神疾病，则判处无期徒刑。
"I am deeply saddened by the case... (the suspect) should be sentenced to death in the case of a stranger killing a child," said lawmaker Wang Yu-min, who proposed the bill.
提出该法案的台湾立法委员王育敏表示，“这起案件实在令人极度痛心，今后诸如此类杀害孩子的罪犯应该立即判处死刑。”
Children's welfare group the White Rose Social Care Association is planning to hold a rally in Taipei on April 10 to push for enforcement of capital punishment. "This kind of random killing shows that Taiwan cannot afford to abolish the death penalty," said chairwoman Eva Liang.
儿童福利组织白玫瑰社会关爱协会计划于4月10日在台北市号召一场街头游行，诉求尽快实施死刑制度。白玫瑰社会关怀协会理事长梁毓芳表示，“这种恶性随机杀人案件的发生表明台湾目前还不能废除死刑制度。”
The girl's mother, however, urged the public not to discuss the issue to allow the family time to grieve.
然而，该女童的母亲希望公众能够不要再讨论此事，让自己家庭有时间来感伤。
"If you are concerned about us or have sympathy, please respect us... I don't wish to see such discussions at the time being," she told reporters outside a funeral home, also asking people not to circulate photos of the girl's body.
女童母亲在殡仪馆外接受记者采访时表示，“如果大家真的关心我们，就请尊重我们吧。我不想再听到关于这件事的任何讨论。”同时，她还希望公众不要再流传案发现场女儿尸首的相关照片。
President-elect Tsai Ing-wen who will take office on May 20, also went to the scene to lay flowers.
刚刚赢得大选的民进党主席蔡英文将于5月20日上任就职，她本人也赶往案发现场献上鲜花。
"This incident deals a big blow to Taiwan's society. Many Taiwanese people are saddened and feel insecure... We should work together so parents don't have to worry and children can grow up safely," she said.
蔡英文就此事回应道：“这起案件对台湾社会造成不小的冲击，许多台湾民众都非常心痛，同时也感觉缺少安全感。我们应该极力杜绝此类事情的发生，这样父母才能不再担忧，孩子们才能安全、健康地成长。”
【英文原文】
A national memorial service will be held on April 21, 2010 for those killed in the 7.1-magnitude quake that struck Yushu, Qinghai province, the State Council announced。
On April 21, flags will fly at half-mast nationwide including in China's embassies and consulates, and public recreational activities will be stopped as a sign of mourning。
As of 8 p.m. Monday, the death toll had climbed to 2,039 in the devastating earthquake in Northwest China's Qinghai Province, with 195 people still missing, according to rescue headquarters。
【中文译文】
国务院宣布，明天(4月21日)将举行全国范围内的哀悼活动，纪念玉树7.1级地震中死难的同胞。
4月21日当天，全国各地及中国驻各国领事馆降半旗致哀。所有娱乐活动停止，以此悼念死者。
据救援中心的数据，截止本周一下午8时，本次青海地震中的死亡人数已达2039人，失踪195人。
201004/101944.shtmlChina's consumer price inflation stayed benign last month, continuing to provide relief for consumers who are struggling with effects of the nation's economic growth slowdown.
上个月中国消费者价格指数(CPI)保持温和增长，对于正在艰难应对中国经济增长放缓效应的消费者来说，这一消息再次令他们松了一口气。
CPI was 1.8 per cent in April, year on year. Within that, food prices rose 2.3 per cent, compared to a 4.1 per cent increase in March.
4月份CPI同比增长1.8%。其中，食品价格指数同比上涨2.3%，与此相比3月份食品价格指数上涨4.1%。
Food is the biggest short term factor driving China's inflation.
食品是驱动中国通胀的最大短期因素。
Meanwhile producer prices, which have been in deflationary territory since March 2012, declined by another 2 per cent, year on year.
与此同时，自2012年3月份以来一直处于通缩状态的生产者价格指数(PPI)再一次同比下降2%。
The falling factory gate prices reflect the excess capacity in China's industrial sector, as successive rounds of economic stimulus have prompted businesses in industries such as steel making and ship building to expand beyond levels of actual customer demand.
不断下跌的出厂价格反映了中国工业部门的产能过剩状况，这是因为连续几轮经济刺激促使炼钢和造船等工业的业务扩张超出了客户实际需求。
Meanwhile, Chinese manufacturing growth is slowing down, according to HSBC's latest purchasing managers' index.
与此同时，汇丰银行(HSBC)最新公布的采购经理人指数(PMI)表明，中国制造业增速正在放缓。
The bank reported that goods producers in China cut their staffing levels for the sixth month running in April.
根据汇丰的报告，4月份中国制造商连续第6个月缩减人员编制。
In a separate survey, HSBC said China's non manufacturing companies were not increasing staffing numbers and that service sector employment was at its lowest in seven months.
在另一份调查中，汇丰表示中国非制造业企业并未扩大人员编制，并表示服务业就业率处于7个月的最低点。
China's manufacturing sector deteriorated more than originally thought in April, according to the final reading of the HSBC Markit 'flash' PMI.
根据汇丰(HSBC)与Markit编制的中国制造业采购经理人指数(PMI)，今年4月中国制造业活动状况比预期更糟糕。相比之下，上周五发布的中国官方制造业PMI指数则略高于预期，不过也只比50的荣枯线高了一点。
The index now comes in at 48.9 for the month, versus an original reading of 49.2 and versus expectations that it would only end up at 49.4. The reading is the lowest in twelve months.
4月份汇丰制造业PMI指数为48.9，不仅低于此前49.2的“预览版”读数，也低于49.4的预期，是12个月来的最低读数。
China's manufacturing PMI reading for April was a nudge ahead of expectations, and crucially over the point which separates growth in the sector from contraction.
相比之下，4月份中国官方制造业PMI指数为50.1，略高于50的预期，与3月份的读数持平。服务业PMI指数为53.4，略低于3月份的53.7。
The country's official manufacturing purchasing managers' index was 50.1 in April, slightly ahead of expectations of 50. It was also the same level recorded in March. The services PMI came in at 53.4, slightly down from 53.7 in March.
PMI读数处于50以上时，表示相关产业处于扩张之中。与侧重大型国有企业的中国官方PMI指数相比，汇丰/Markit发布的PMI指数更侧重小型民营企业，波动性比前者更大些。
China's economy, which has enjoyed some of the fastest growth rates in the world in the past two decades, is now slowing and policymakers recently said it will target economic growth of "around 7 per cent" this year — the slowest expansion in a quarter century. Data from January and February indicated the manufacturing sector contracted slightly.
今年第一季度，中国经济同比增长率只有7%，是6年来的最慢增长。此前，1月份和2月份的数据显示，中国的制造业略有收缩。在经历了20年的高速增长之后，中国政策制定者如今正面临经济发展放缓的“新常态”。
China's services sector is faring a little better than its manufacturing counterpart - and it grew ever so slightly in April, too.
汇丰银行(HSBC)编制的服务业采购经理人指数(PMI)显示，中国服务业的经营活动状况比制造业要好一点。4月份，服务业活动的增长势头还出现了极小幅度的上扬。
The purchasing managers' index for the sector compiled by HSBC rose from 52.3 in March to 52.9 in April. This is the fourth consecutive monthly rise.
汇丰银行该月服务业PMI指数从3月份的52.3升至52.9。这是连续第四个月环比上升。
Any level above 50 reflects growth in the survey by HSBC and compiled by Markit. In mid-2012 the readings were comfortably hitting the mid-fifties, however, so even this result on Friday indicates softening demand in the world's second largest economy
对于这个由汇丰银行开展调查并由Markit编制的指数，高于50的读数表示相关产业的活动处于增长中。不过，2012年中期该读数曾达到55点左右，因此上述读数仍显示中国的需求较为疲软。
Earlier this week the final reading of the HSBC Markit 'flash' PMI showed the sector contracted more than originally thought. The index came in at 48.9 for the month, versus an original reading of 49.2 and versus expectations that it would only end up at 49.4.
本周早些时候公布的汇丰/Markit制造业PMI指数的最终读数，显示制造业活动的收缩幅度比预期更大。当月该指数的读数为48.9，低于此前49.2的“预览版”读数，也低于49.4的预期数值。
China's economy grew at a 7 per cent year-on-year pace in the first quarter, the slowest rate of growth in six years. Chinese policymakers are now taking of the 'new normal' - a new period of slower growth, after the economy's dramatic expansion over the previous two decades. 92 words
今年第一季度，中国经济同比增长幅度只有7%，是6年来的最慢增长速度。在经历了20年的高速增长之后，中国政策制定者如今正面临经济增长放缓的“新常态”。
HSBC's composite PMI for China in April, which combines both services and manufacturing, dipped from 51.8 to 51.3.
综合服务业和制造业的调查结果，4月份汇丰银行中国综合PMI指数从51.8降至51.3。
Chinese officials had warned profit growth at industrial firms might not be sustainable last month, and it turns out they were right to be wary.
中国官方曾警告称，工业企业的利润增长在上个月可能无法持续。事实证明他们的小心是正确的。
Industrial profits at large firms in China grew 4.2 per cent year-on-year in April, more than halving from a March reading of 11.1 per cent and pulling year-to-date growth down by nearly 1 percentage point to 6.5 per cent, according to the National Bureau of Statistics.
根据中国国家统计局(National Bureau of Statistics)的数据，4月份规模以上工业企业实现利润同比增长4.2%，比3月份11.1%的增幅下跌了一半以上，将1月到4月实现利润的同比增长幅度拖累近1个百分点至6.5%。
Profits at state-controlled firms were a clear drag on the headline rate, dropping 7.8 per cent year-on-year for the year to date, whereas private firms saw profit growth of 8.4 per cent and foreign-owned firms’ profits rose 7.3 per cent.
国有控股企业实现利润对这一备受关注的增长率明显构成了拖累，1月到4月实现利润总额同比下跌7.8%，而民营企业则增长8.4%，外资企业增长7.3%。
In an explanation released alongside the latest figures the statistics bureau highlighted the relative gains for the year to date before acknowledging growth had cooled markedly in April. It gave four main reasons for the fall-back:
在与最新数据一道发布的解读中，国家统计局先是强调了1月到4月的相对增长，接着又承认4月份增长速度显著回落。该机构为这一下滑给出了四个原因：
Slowing profit growth from primary operations, down 2.6 percentage points year-on-year from the previous month to 2 per cent.
一是主营业务收入增长放缓，比上个月回落2.6个百分点，跌至2%。
A significant reversal by investment returns, from 20.4 per cent year-on-year in March to -19.8 per cent in April.
二是投资收益由升转降，从3月份的上升20.4%，变为4月份的下降19.8%。
Softening growth in non-operating net income, which grew 56.2 per cent in April, down 12.1 percentage points from March.
三是营业外净收入增长放缓，4月份该指标同比增长56.2%，比3月份低了12.1个百分点。
Rough conditions in the electricity, electronics and auto sectors, which came in at -11 per cent, -5.9 per cent and 4.4 per cent year-on-year in April after growth of 10.2 per cent, 59.2 per cent and 14.2 per cent in March.
四是电力、电子和汽车行业处境艰难，4月份其利润分别同比下降11%、下降5.9%和上升4.4%，此前的3月份则分别增长10.2%、59.2%和14.2%。
Electronics and auto manufacturing were among the five major sectors in which the statistics bureau had previously warned that 88.8 per cent of profit growth was concentrated in March.
国家统计局此前曾警告称，五个主要部门88.8%的利润增长将集中在3月份，而电子和汽车产业就在这五个部门之中。
The bureau had also cautioned that it was unclear whether first-quarter growth was sustainable. The latest figures suggest it isn’t. Less encouraging still, independent survey results published yesterday suggested China’s industrial economy may have actually contracted during the January-March period.
该机构还曾提醒称，一季度的增长是否具有可持续性并不清楚。最新数据表明答案是否定的。更令人悲观的是，昨天发布的独立调查结果暗示，1月到3月期间中国的工业经济实际上也许是收缩的。
Chinese house prices rose at the fastest pace for two years in April, despite accentuated oversupply after investment poured into the construction sector in the first quarter.
4月份，中国房价以两年来最快的速度上涨，尽管今年首季度投资涌入建筑行业后住房供应过剩有所加剧。
The price of new residential buildings rose 6.2 per cent in the year to April, according to a Reuters index calculated from data released by the National Bureau of Statistics.
路透社(Reuters)根据中国国家统计局(NBS)发布的数据计算得出的指数显示，在截止4月份的一年里，中国新建住宅销售价格上涨了6.2%。
At the same time, investment in real estate construction in the first four months of this year rose 7.2 per cent compared with the same period last year.
而今年头4个月的房地产建设投资同比增长了7.2%。
In spite of vast inventories of unsold properties, house prices in China’s second and third-tier cities have started to close the gap with the country’s “first-tier” cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen.
尽管未售住房库存庞大，但中国二三线城市与北京、上海、广州和深圳这些“一线城市”的房价差距已开始收窄。
Earlier this year the government launched a campaign to persuade rural migrants to settle in second and third-tier cities. For those migrant workers without an urban hukou (household registration), buying a house in the city is a route to securing city-standard schooling for their children.
今年早些时候，中国政府发起了一场劝说农民工在二三线城市定居的运动。对那些没有城市户口的农民工而言，在城里买房可为他们的孩子提供一个机会、享受城市标准的学校教育。
“Average prices continue to increase month on month but a new trend has emerged: the rate of increase is slowing in first-tier cities and picking up in second and third-tier cities,” wrote Liu Jianwei, of the National Bureau of Statistics.
国家统计局城市司高级统计师刘建伟表示：“环比上涨城市个数继续增加，城市间涨势出现新变化，一线城市涨幅放缓，二、三线城市涨幅扩大。
“Year on year?.?.?.?average prices in third-tier cities are now rising rather than falling.”
“同比……三线城市由降转升。”
The government has turned to the construction sector to provide stimulus in tricky times, leading to concerns of property oversupply, particularly in less desirable second and third-tier cities.
面对艰难的经济形势，中国政府已转而求助建筑行业来提供刺激，这使得人们担心，房地产市场会供应过剩，尤其是在需求不那么旺盛的二三线城市。
As a result, local governments in those cities face a tricky combination of tasks: they must reduce unsold stock yet maintain prices and economic growth. New house builds in such cities surged in March, suggesting local governments were prioritising growth over inventory reduction.
其结果是，这些城市的地方政府面临着一对棘手的任务：它们必须去库存，同时还要维持住房价和经济增长。3月份，这些城市的新建住宅数量大幅增加，说明地方政府优先考虑的是经济增长而非去库存。
“Credit is easily available, meaning mortgages are still cheap,” said Rosealea Yao of Gavekal Dragonomics, an economics consultancy. “It is difficult to say what effect the increase in new housing starts will have on prices. Although residential properties take around two years to build, roughly 70 per cent of houses are sold before completion.
“信贷很容易获得，意味着按揭贷款依然便宜，”经济咨询机构龙洲经讯(Gavekal Dragonomics)的咬丽蔷(Rosealea Yao)说，“很难说新住宅开工数量的增长会给价格带来什么影响。尽管住宅建成需要2年左右的时间，但大约70%的房子在完工前就售出了。
“There is huge regional divergence — inventories are coming down in the east, pushing up prices, while inventories are still huge in the north.”
“地区差异很大——东部地区的库存在减少，推高了价格，北部地区的库存依然很大。”
Despite an increase in supply, second and third-tier cities have managed to boost home price growth, with bigger rises recorded in April than the previous month.
尽管供应增加，二三线城市仍成功提振了房价的涨势，4月份的房价涨幅高于3月份。
First-tier cities have seen rapid price rises, with Shenzhen, for example, recording a 63 per cent increase in the year to April. Shanghai, Shenzhen and Beijing have implemented policies to cool price rises including increasing the downpayment requirement on mortgages on second homes and expanding restrictions that increase the waiting times for prospective buyers without local hukou registration.
一线城市房价快速上涨。以深圳为例，在截至4月份的一年中，深圳房价上涨了62%。上海、深圳和北京已实施政策给房价降温，包括提高二套房按揭首付款下限，以及延长无当地户口的潜在购房者的等待期。
Such cooling policies appear to have started paying off, with April’s monthly increase in prices of new properties on tier-one cities lower in April than in March.
这类给楼市降温的政策似乎已初见成效，4月份一线城市新建住宅价格的月涨幅要低于3月份。
On Wednesday 21st Century Finance, a domestic newspaper, reported that the city of Suzhou in Jiangsu province would become the first second-tier city to bring in housing purchase restrictions.
中国国内报纸《21世纪经济报道》周三报道，江苏省苏州市将成为首个出台房屋限购措施的二线城市。
Capital flows from China persisted in April despite a reported rise in foreign exchange reserves, which mainly reflec-ted the impact of a weaker dollar on the central bank’s euro and yen holdings.
虽然有报道称中国外汇储备出现回升，但4月份中国资本外流仍在持续。中国外汇储备增加主要反映的是，美元走弱对中国央行持有的欧元和日元资产的影响。
After falling for 18 of 20 months until February, slicing $791bn off the headline total, China’s official reserves rose by a combined $17bn in March and April, hitting $3.22tn last month.
在截至今年2月的20个月中，中国有18个月外汇储备出现下降，总计减少7910亿美元。而3月和4月，中国外汇储备共计增加170亿美元，在4月末达到3.22万亿美元。
But a look inside the data suggests significant latent outflow pressure remains. China has also benefited from global tailwinds in recent months that may not last. The strongest of these is the pause in interest rate rises by the US Federal Reserve, which caused a broad decline in the dollar versus global currencies.
但细看该数据可知，中国仍潜藏着很大的资本外流压力。近几月，中国同样受益于全球有利形势，但这种形势或许不会持续。其中最大的利好是美联储(Fed)暂停加息，这导致美元相对全球各地的货币出现普遍贬值。
“No matter due to tacit policy co-ordination or just dumb luck, the weakened US dollar has greatly eased the pressure on renminbi and capital outflows from China,” Larry Hu, a China economist at Macquarie Securities, wrote yesterday.
麦格理证券(Macquarie Securities)中国经济学家胡伟俊(Larry Hu)昨日写道：“不管是因为心照不宣的政策协调还是仅靠偶然的运气，美元走弱都极大地缓解了人民币以及中国资本外流的压力。”
Fundamentals have certainly improved since the renminbi’s sharp fall in early January sent shockwaves through global markets. Predictions that uncontrolled capital flight would lead to a collapse in the renminbi, or rapid depletion of China’s reserves, now look increasingly rash.
自1月初人民币汇率暴跌对全球市场造成冲击以来，中国经济基本面的确有所改善。有人预测，无法控制的资本外逃将导致人民币崩盘，或者导致中国外汇储备快速耗尽，但现在看来，这些预测越来越显得轻率。
The People’s Bank of China’s use of forex reserves to stabilise the renminbi exchange rate, a tactic that has been derided as unsustainable, has largely succeeded in beating back speculators. Hedge funds that placed bets on renminbi depreciation are rethinking their strategy.
中国央行利用外汇储备稳定人民币汇率的策略——被讥讽为不可持续——大体上成功地击退了投机者。押注人民币贬值的对冲基金正在重新思考各自的策略。
But the delay in Fed tightening has been crucial to the slowdown in outflows. The Fed’s rate rise in December, combined with easing steps by the PBoC since late 2014, had drawn funds out of China. But amid signs that China’s economy has stabilised, the PBoC has done no further easing since late February.
但美联储推迟加息对中国资本外流放缓至关重要。美联储去年12月的加息，以及中国央行自2014年底以后实施的宽松措施，促使资金撤离中国。但由于看到中国经济已经企稳的迹象，中国央行自2月底以来便不再进一步出台宽松政策。
A weaker dollar also boosts China’s headline reserves directly through valuation effects, by increasing the dollar-denominated value of the PBoC’s non-dollar assets. Royal Bank of Scotland estimates that mark-to-market accounting boosted China’s headline reserves by a total of $54bn in March and April — implying that on a flow basis, reserves continued to decline.
美元走弱也通过估值效应——使中国央行非美元资产以美元计算的价值出现增加——直接提振中国整体外汇储备数字。苏格兰皇家银行(RBS)估计，今年3月和4月，以市值计价的会计制度令中国外汇储备数字共计增加了540亿美元——这表明，从资本流动的角度来说，外汇储备仍在继续下降。
Further, if inflows from trade and foreign direct investment are stripped out, China suffered portfolio outflows of about $45bn in both March and April, said RBS. While far less alarming than outflows of roughly $200bn last August, this figure shows that sentiment-driven capital is still leaving China.
此外，苏格兰皇家银行表示，如果不计入贸易和外国直接投资带来的资本流入，中国在3月和4月都出现了约450亿美元的证券投资流出。虽然这与去年8月约2000亿美元的流出规模相比没那么令人担忧，但这个数字表明，受情绪驱动的资本仍在撤离中国。
“If the Fed hikes rates later this year and the Chinese economy rolls over again, forcing the PBoC to take more easing measures, we could see depreciation pressures re-emerge,” said Harrison Hu, China economist at RBS in Singapore.
�