 over $50,000 category, pickups and SUVs distributed through non-premium dealers outsell German luxury brands.
皮卡大战：如果把得奖的问题抛在一边，福特的全铝皮卡生产起来很不容易，卖得也比较慢，这就为快速崛起的道奇公羊（Dodge Ram）1500提供了机会。同时，日产也试图忘掉该公司第一款全尺寸皮卡，也就是采用双拖斗造型的第二代Titan皮卡的失利。汽车业老将约翰o克拉福西克向《汽车新闻》透露了这个行业的最大秘密：在5万美元以上的市场区间，平价品牌的皮卡和SUV的销量要超过德系豪华品牌。
Brands with the most to make up for in 2015:Volkswagen, whose stale product line depressed sales by 11%, thereby delaying Ferdinand Piech’s plans for global supremacy, and Volvo, down 17%, which has yet to make any progress under its Chinese owner.
2015年最需要迎头赶上的品牌：由于产品线陈旧，大众今年的销量下降了11%，影响了费迪南德o皮切的“称霸全球”计划。沃尔沃的销量则下跌了17%，自从被中国车企收购后，该公司至今还没有任何进步。
Brands with the most incentive to coast in 2015:Jeep, which must be exhausted after lifting sales an astonishing 44% on the back of the new Cherokee, and Subaru, now the 10th most popular brand in America after improving its sales by 21% in its usual fashion: quietly.
2015年风头最劲的品牌：在新款切诺基的拉动下，Jeep在2014年的销量惊人地拉高了44%，而斯巴鲁的销量则静悄悄地提高了21%，现已成为美国第十大最受欢迎的汽车品牌。
Alternative fuels: For the first time since diesel-powered cars from Europe started arriving here in the 1950s, old first-person accounts about the joys of driving a diesel fall off to near zero. They are replaced by new first-person accounts about the joys of driving cars with ridiculously high horsepower like the 580-hp Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 and Dodge’s Challenger SRT Hellfire with 707 hp. Elsewhere: fuel-cell cars with their longer cruising range move center-stage, stealing the limelight from battery-powered cars.
替代燃料：自从柴油车于上世纪50年代从欧洲进入美国以来，人们对柴油车的热情首次冷却殆尽，取而代之的是马力高得吓人的雪佛兰CamaroZL1（580匹马力），和707匹马力的道奇挑战者SRT地狱火等车型。另外，续航里程更长的燃料电池汽车也开始登上舞台，从电池动力汽车那里抢走了不少风头。
Technology:Cadillac will introduce high-resolution video streaming in the rearview mirror, which improves the field of vision by about four times greater than a traditional mirror by removing obstructions like pillars and passengers. Just the thing for aging Cadillac drivers with stiff necks. Coming next: a “beep, beep, beep” signal like that used by garbage trucks whenever the car is driven in reverse.
科技：凯迪拉克将在汽车的后视镜添加高清视频功能，其视野要比传统的后视镜开扩四倍，因为它能够在最大程度上减少了车柱和乘客对视线的影响，对于上了年纪的凯迪拉克车主和颈椎不好的人来说，这的确是个福音。下一个即将被广泛采用的技术，则是让汽车在倒车时，能够发出像垃圾车那样的“滴滴声”。
Autonomous cars: Researchers are working on devices that will automatically park your car in a parking lot without you being in, or near, the car. It will also slip a note under the wipers of the car next to it with your phone number and insurance carrier in case of any scratches.
自动驾驶汽车：研究人员正在研究能让汽车自动倒车入库的设备，让你甚至不必坐在车里就能完成倒车。这样你就不必在不小心刮蹭到别人的车时，往人家的雨刮器下面留张字条，并附上你的电话号码了。
Dealers: Car dealers work toward reducing the paperwork involved in buying a car and the hours it takes to fill it out. That will give them more time to devote to upselling add-ons such as extended warranties, paint and fabric protection, and rust-proofing.
经销商：经销商们正在努力精简购车的文书手续以及时间。这会使他们留出更多的时间向消费者推销延长质保、喷漆、织物保护、防锈等附加服务。
Classic cars:Prices plummet as an enormous supply of post-war classics, hidden away on an off-shore island, becomes available for the first time in 50 years. Collectors are especially eager to find Packards, Studebakers, Hudsons, Nashes, Kaisers, and Henry J’s. More’s the surprise because all of the cars are in running condition and are used as daily drivers.
老爷车：由于今年在一个海外小岛上发现了一大批尘封50年之久的老爷车，导致现在二战后的老爷车的供给充足，价格也显著下降。收藏家们尤其喜欢Packards、Studebakers、Hudsons、Nashes、Kaisers和Henry J’s等型号的老爷车。更令人吃惊的是这批老爷车的车况都十分良好，能够满足日常使用。（财富中文网）
Whether Russia, one of 15 successor states to the USSR, which broke up in 1991, is still a genuine world power in 2015 is open to question.
对于俄罗斯这一前苏联（解体于1991年）的15个继任国之一，在2015年还能否稳坐世界大国的宝座，仍有讨论的余地。
It remains the world's largest country and the largest oil producer. It retains its permanent seat on the UN Security Council. Its nuclear arsenal (in Cold War times one of five countries, but now one of nine) has been progressively modernised. Sustained increases in defence spending have brought it close to its goal of escalation dominance in local and regional war.
它依旧是世界上最大的国家和最大的石油生产国。它依旧是联合国安理会常任理事国之一。它的核武库（冷战时期五个国家中的一个，现为九个中的一个）已逐步现代化。国防开支的持续增加使它接近当地和地区战争的大国统治的目标。
But the economic base for these capabilities is steadily declining.
但支撑其大国地位的经济基础正逐步下滑。
Russia's economy is the 10th largest in the world, producing little of value beyond hydrocarbons. Corruption and rent-seeking extract an enormous economic toll. It remains burdened with Soviet era infrastructure, and its ability to meet the educational and medical needs of its population is rapidly declining.
俄罗斯为世界上第十大经济体，除了天然气（碳氢化合物），经济贡献甚微。腐败和寻租行为使经济蒙受巨大损失。它依然沿用着苏联时代的基础设施，并且满足国民教育、医疗需求的能力正急速下滑。
Whatever one's view, two further points for and against Russia's global standing are undeniable:
不管个人观点如何，不可否认的是，现在存在着支持和反对俄罗斯全球定位的两种观点：
Russia regards itself as a great power - it is not in question anywhere inside the country.
俄罗斯把自己看作超级大国 -- 这在国内是毋庸置疑的。
China has long since eclipsed Russia as the world's number two power behind the US.
中国早已超越了俄罗斯成为紧随美国之后的世界第二大强国。
Yet for all Russia's pretence about a rebalancing of priorities towards Asia, since the fallout over Ukraine, it still measures itself against the West, and America in particular.
尽管俄罗斯假装把再平衡的重点转向亚洲，但是从其对乌克兰的做法可以看出，它仍然在权衡自己的力量以对抗西方，尤其是美国。
Falling global demand for personal computers (PC) saw shipments fall by a record 10.6% in the fourth quarter from a year ago, according to market research firm IDC.
据市场研究公司IDC数据显示，个人电脑（PC）的需求正在下降，在2015年第四季度，全球PC出货量下跌了10.6%。
About 71.9 million units were shipped in the period, which includes the key Christmas shopping season. IDC said the decline was the worst since it started tracking PC shipments.
包括圣诞购物季在内，第四季度的电脑出货量共计7190万台。IDC方面表示，这是自IDC公司开始追踪该数据以来最大的降幅。
PC demand has been hit by competition from smartphones and tablets, along with longer lifecycles for PCs. Shipments fell in all regions around the world and have declined for five quarters in a row, according to IDC's figures.
个人电脑使用周期延长，再加上智能手机和平板电脑带来的竞争，大大抑制消了消费者对PC的需求。据IDC数据显示，全球各地区的电脑出货量均连续5个季度出现下滑。
Apple was the only top five PC maker to see shipments grow last year, up over 6%, while Acer saw the biggest fall, of more more than 18%.
在世界五大电脑制造商中，苹果公司是去年唯一一家出货量保持增长的公司，涨幅超过了6%；宏碁公司则是下跌幅度最大，下跌超过了18%。
Chinese tech giant Lenovo, however, remained at the top of the market - owning more than 20% of it. HP followed in second place, with Dell third and Apple and ASUS tied for the fourth spot.
中国的科技巨头联想仍是PC市场的老大--占有市场份额的20%以上。惠普和戴尔分别名列第二、第三，苹果和华硕电脑并列第四。
The US has overtaken India as the leading user of anti-dumping and other trade defence cases, with China and its steel sector the biggest target, according to research.
研究显示，美国已经取代印度成为反倾销和其他贸易保护案件的最大发起国，而中国及其钢铁行业正是美国的最大目标。
The data highlight the growing anxieties in some sectors of industry about what they see as unfair competition from Chinese rivals.
该数据突显出，某些工业部门对他们认为来自中国对手的不公平竞争感到日益担忧。
The research comes at a time of increasing anti-China rhetoric in US politics, and ahead of three politically sensitive anti-dumping cases this summer against Chinese steel imports that could result in the US imposing punitive duties of as much as 500 per cent.
该研究的公布正值美国政界反中国言论日益增加之际，此外，今年夏天3起针对从中国进口的钢铁产品的政治敏感反倾销案件即将作出裁决，可能导致美方对中国企业施加高达500%的惩罚性关税。
But the developments also point to the vast gap in the use of such cases between the US and EU, where a debate is under way over whether to grant China “market economy” status in the World Trade Organisation, a concession that would make it even harder to bring anti-dumping cases.
但是，这些进展也指向美国和欧盟在利用此类案件上的巨大差异，欧盟目前正在讨论是否要赋予中国世界贸易组织(WTO)框架下的“市场经济”地位——这一让步会使对中国提起反倾销案变难。
According to the annual Global Trade Protection Report, companies in the US launched 43 anti-dumping cases in 2015 and a further 22 anti-subsidy investigations aimed at securing countervailing duties. The US took the lead in both areas, overtaking India and Brazil, which launched the most cases in 2014 and 2013.
一年一度的《全球贸易保护报告》(Global Trade Protection Report)显示，2015年美国企业发起了43起反倾销案件，以及另外22起旨在征收反补贴税的反补贴调查。美国在这两方面均处于领先位置，超越了分别在2014年和2013年发起最多案件的印度和巴西。
The EU filed just 12 anti-dumping cases in 2015, two less than the year before.
2015年，欧盟仅提起了12起反倾销案，较前一年减少了2起。
Cliff Stevenson, an anti-dumping expert who publishes the report based on data filed with the WTO, said the surge in US cases was driven largely by the steel industry. The increase also represented the range of countries from China to Australia, the UK and the Netherlands against which US companies were willing to file anti-dumping complaints.
根据WTO的数据撰写该报告的反倾销专家克利夫?斯蒂文森(Cliff Stevenson)称，美国反倾销案件激增主要是因为钢铁行业。这一增长也表明，美国企业热衷提起反倾销诉讼的对象从中国一直延伸到澳大利亚、英国和荷兰等国。
Metals cases made up a record 46 per cent of the 233 anti-dumping actions brought worldwide in 2015, with the steel industry accounting for almost all of the metals complaints.
2015年，全球范围发起的233起反倾销案件中，针对金属行业的案件占比达创纪录的46%，几乎全部是针对钢铁行业的案件。
Anti-dumping cases were much easier to bring in the US than in the EU where companies first had to pass a public interest test.
在美国发起反倾销案件比在欧盟容易得多。在欧盟，企业必须先通过公众利益测试。
But Mr Stevenson said “this might reflect that the US is being bolder than the EU in protecting domestic steel producers”.
但是，斯蒂文森称“这或许反映出美国在保护本国钢铁制造商方面比欧盟更大胆”。
The US and European steel industries have accused China’s heavily subsidised sector of flooding the global market with steel, “dumping” it by selling below production costs and driving down international prices. The collapse in steel prices in recent years has caused the closure of mills across the world from Australia to the UK and parts of the US industrial heartland.
美国和欧洲钢铁行业指责中国受到高额补贴的钢铁部门向全球市场大量输出钢铁，以低于生产成本的价格“倾销”，拉低了国际价格。近年来钢铁价格暴跌已经造成从澳大利亚到英国、乃至美国部分工业中心的全球范围的工厂大量倒闭。
China denies any wrongdoing and says it is working to tackle problems of industrial overcapacity that have become more acute as its economy has slowed.
中国拒绝承认存在任何不当行为，并表示正在努力解决工业产能过剩的问题。随着中国经济增长放缓，该问题变得日益尖锐。
The issue has also hit Beijing’s efforts to secure market economy status in the WTO, which it claims it will be entitled to automatically on December’s 15th anniversary of it joining. If China obtains that status it could affect the ability of the US and others to bring anti-dumping cases, as it would remove their ability to use prices in third countries for comparison.
这一问题也打击了中国在WTO框架内获得市场经济地位的努力。中国声称，在其加入WTO满15周年的今年12月，应当自动获得市场经济地位。如果中国获得了该地位，那么这可能影响美国等国对中国发起反倾销案的能力，因为这将使他们不能用替代国的价格进行比价。
According to the new report, over the past 20 years India has been the leading user of anti-dumping cases, filing 767, or 15 per cent, of the 4,990 initiated between 1995 and 2015. The US accounted for 570 while the EU registered 480.
根据这份新报告，在过去20年里，印度是发起反倾销案最多的国家，在1995年至2015年间发起的4990件反倾销案中，印度发起了767件，占比为15%。同期，美国发起了570件，欧盟发起了480件。
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) — The U.S. economy finally got a big jolt of energy in 2014 after the lamest recovery since World War II. And 2015 is shaping up to be an even better year.
华盛顿（市场观查者）—美国经济2014年迎来了自二战后最曲折的复苏而且年末能源方面又遇到了大的波折，但是2015年美国经济将披荆斩棘变得更好。
Here are five things consumers and investors can count on (probably) in 2015:
下面是消费者和投资者在2015年也许可以期盼的5个好消息。
The economy will grow 3% for the first time in 10 years
经济增长率将会首次达到3%在这十年里
The U.S. is set to add nearly 3 million jobs in 2014 — the biggest increase since 1999. The burst in job creation, expected to continue in 2015, is sure to fuel consumer spending. So, too, will a plunge in gasoline prices that's given households extra cash to spare on other goods and services. See: Americans saved $14 billion as gasoline prices declined in 2014.
美国在2014年的新增工作岗位被设定为300万个—这是自1999年以来最大的增加量。新增工作岗位的增加预计在2015年将会对得到持续，这将确保消费者支出得到持续的动力；同时汽油价格的下降也将为家庭支出节省额外的开支用以购买其他的商品和服务。详见：汽油价格在2014年下降美国将会节省140亿美元开支。
The pickup in consumption in turn will entice businesses to hire and invest more to keep up with rising sales. The result: The U.S. is likely to grow more than 3% for the first time since 2005.
消费支出的上涨反过来促使了更多的租赁和投资以跟上上涨的销量。使美国经济自2005年来经济增长率首次达到3%以上。
Bernard Baumohl, chief global economist of the Economic Outlook Group, said he is even more optimistic. "The next two years could be the best two we have seen in at least a decade," he said. "There is clearly a lot of evidence the economy is gaining a lot of momentum."
Bernard Baumohl 作为Economic Outlook Group的首席经济学家，表示他甚至更乐观的认为接下来的两年将会成为至少近十年以来形势最好的两年，他还称“有很多证据充分的表明了经济正在恢复的势头”。
Perhaps the biggest domestic threat to the 3% growth scenario would be a surprisingly swift hike in interest rates, but from all indications a dovish Federal Reserve is unlikely to take aggressive action in 2015.
也许经济增长率是否能达到3%的国内最大威胁是利率的突然调整，但是从各方面的预测来看鸽派的美联储在2015年不太可能会采用挑衅的利率策略。
Wages will finally accelerate after years of stagnation
在数年的停滞之后薪酬将会加速提升
One of the main shackles on the economy over the past four years has been stagnant wages. Hourly earnings have risen an average of 2% annually — just two-thirds of the long-term U.S. average.
过去4年里束缚经济增长的主要因素就是停滞不前的薪酬水平。时薪年平均增长率仅为2%—仅有过去美国长期薪酬增长率的三分之二。
Yet that's finally about to change. With hiring up and unemployment falling, businesses will have to go the extra mile for employees or risk losing sales to competitors because they lack enough staff to boost production.
尽管随着租赁成本的上升和失业率的下降，薪酬最终会会上升；商人们将会在招聘劳动力上付出更多的成本而且还有可能由于缺乏员工以增加产量而导致销售量下降的风险。
"Everywhere I go business owners are seeing an increase in demand," said Gus Faucher, senior economist at PNC Financial Services. "Businesses will have to raise wages to attract or maintain workers."
“我去的每一个地方，都发现企业主对未来的需求量有一个很好的预期，” Gus Faucher PNC金融服务机构的资深经济学家称。“商人必须提高薪酬来吸引更多的劳动力或者保留原有的工人”。
Businesses are already responding: Job openings in November hit the second highest level in 14 years. In another telltale sign, people are quitting jobs at the fastest rate in five years. Research shows that people who quit one job for another typically do so because they are offered higher pay.
市场已经做出了回应：2014年9月份的工作空缺岗位在过去14年里达到了最高的水平，还有另一个能说明问题的数字人们辞职的速度达到了过去五年里的新高，调查显示人们辞职后通常立即换了一份薪酬更高的工作。
The sharp decline in unemployment will start to seem real
失业率的大幅下降的实际效果将会有所体现
The unemployment rate has plunged over the past three years to 5.8% from 8.6%, but almost nobody, including the Federal Reserve, thinks the labor market is really that healthy.
在过去三年失业率已从8.6%降至5.8%，但是包括美联储，几乎没有人认为劳动力市场现在是真的健康。
Some 18.1 million people, for example, want a good full-time job but can't find one, an unusually high number 5 1/2 years into a recovery. And despite a sharp decline in the number of people out of work six months or longer, that figure is still higher than at any time before the 2007-09 recession.
大约一千八百万人，想要得到一个好的全职工作，但却没能找，这一数字在金融危机过后五年半左右的恢复时间中是高得不寻常的，而且尽管失业时间在半年及以上的人数大幅下降，然而这个数字仍然比2007年7月金融危机发生之前的任何时候都要高。
The unemployment rate probably won't fall quite as rapidly in 2015, according to economists, especially if more people enter the labor force because jobs are easier to find. Yet another large spate of hiring similar to the gain in 2014 would make the low unemployment rate more believable.
失业率减幅在2015年的下降得可能不会那样的迅速，据经济学家所言，特别是如果更多的人进入劳动力市场由于更容易找到工作。尽管如此和2014年相似的大量招聘和录用将会使低的失业率数据显得更加的可信。
"By the end of next year we will be at the point where the unemployment rate is between 5% and 5.5%, and it will truly feel legitimate," Faucher said.
Faucher说“在2015年年底我们的失业率大致会处在5%到5.5%之间，而且会让我们更加实际的感受到这一点”。
Inflation (and deflation) won't rear its ugly head Surging oil production — along with slower global growth — has caused the price of petroleum to collapse from more than $100 a barrel last summer to barely $50 a barrel at the end of 2014. The effect has been to reverse an uptick in U.S. inflation earlier in the year.
剧烈动荡石油产量—随着更加缓慢增长的世界经济—造成了原油价格从2013年100美元一桶到2014年年末的几乎50美元一桶的大幅下降，而在美国国内2014年初却造成了通货膨胀的相反影响
Perhaps just as important, stable or falling prices will boost the inflation-adjusted pay of U.S. workers and gives them more bang for their buck. "It's an unambiguous positive for household demand," said Neil Dutta, head of economics at Renaissance Macro Research. "People will have more money to spend."
也许同等重要的是，稳定或者下降的油价将会缓解通货膨胀压力使美国工人的工资更具有购买力。Renaissance Macro经济学家Neil Dutta 称“这对于国内需求来说是一个明确的积极的消息，人们将会有更多可以用来消费的钱”。
While oil prices may rebound in 2015, they almost certainly won't return to $100 a barrel any time soon, barring a geopolitical crisis in a major petroleum-producing region. So the gift will keep giving this year and further feed an accelerating U.S. recovery.
就算油价在2015年有可能反弹，但是油价几乎不可能再短期内回到100美元一桶，除非在世界主要产油地区发生广泛的地缘政治危机。所以这份礼物将在2015年得到持续并且长久的促进美国经济的加快复苏。
Faster growth should also dispel worries about another Fed bogeyman: deflation, or falling prices. "It's impossible to have deflation in an economy growing 3%-plus and adding the most jobs since the 1990s," Baumohl said.
为保证更快的经济增长就必须要要消除美联储所担忧的另一个恶魔：通货紧缩，或者说价格下降。Baumohl 称“经济增长达到3%以上，并且自90年代以来新增了大量工作的国家发生通货紧缩几乎是不可能的”。
The U.S. will perform well even if the rest of the world doesn't
美国经济将会表现得更好就算世界上其他地区没能做到
Slow growth around the world won't hurt the U.S. all that much. American exports might flatten out or even dip, but that would be offset by lower imports of petroleum because of sinking oil prices. So the trade deficit is unlikely to get further out of whack.
全球缓慢的经济增长并不会很大程度的拖累美国。美国的出口额虽然可能持平甚至下降，但是这将会被由于油价下降的石油进口额抵消，所以贸易赤字并不会给美国经济造成更进一步的影响。
Although foreign trade accounts for a greater share of the economy than ever, the United States is still more insulated than virtually every major competitor in Europe and Asia. Such everyday purchases as haircuts, dry cleaning, financial advice and eating out are virtually immune from foreign competition.
尽管外贸额占经济总量的比重逐渐增大，但是相比那些每天都大量采购各种日用品，食品而且随意采纳金融方面建议的欧洲和亚洲的主要竞争者，美国经济更容易免受外部不良因素的冲击，实际上相比与外国的竞争者具有更好的抵御危机的能力。
The upshot: The world's largest economy can still function as an oasis in a desert despite the claims of doomsayers that those days are over.
总的来说：世界最大经济体任然可以入常运转就如同沙漠中的绿洲就算有末世预言宣称那样的日子已经远去了。
The International Organization for Migration says the number of migrants and refugees entering Europe in 2015 has gone over the one million mark, the largest influx of its kind since the end of World War Two.
国际移民组织说，2015年进入欧洲的移民和难民数量已超过一百万，为二战结束以来最大的移民潮。
The Geneva-based organization issued figures Tuesday showing 1,005,504 migrants from Africa and the Middle East have crossed into the continent by a combination of irregular land and sea routes, a four-fold increase from 2014.
设在日内瓦的国际移民组织星期二公布的数字显示，一百万零五千五百零四名非洲和中东的流动人口，以非常规方式通过陆路和海路进入欧洲大陆，这个数字是2014年的四倍。
Refugees from Syria, which has been torn apart by a five-year-old civil war that has left over 200,000 people dead and millions more displaced, account for half of all those counted, followed by refugees from two other war-torn countries, Afghanistan and Iraq.
叙利亚五年内战使国家分裂，造成20多万人死亡，数百万人流离失所。叙利亚难民就占了报告清点人数的一半，接下来难民人数最多的是同样为战争所困扰的国家阿富汗和伊拉克。
The refugees have streamed into Greece, Bulgaria, Italy, Spain, Malta and Cyprus during 2015, with a huge majority -- over 800,000 -- arriving by sea in Greece. About 3,600 died or disappeared trying to make the perilous Mediterranean Sea crossing between North Africa and Italy.
2015年期间，难民源源不断涌入希腊、保加利亚、意大利，西班牙、马耳他和塞浦路斯，其中绝大多数，超过80万人是经海路抵达希腊的，大约3600人在横穿北非和意大利间的地中海危险旅途中丧生或失踪。
The IOM says fewer than 35,000 migrants, or about three percent, have crossed by land into Greece and Bulgaria from Turkey.
国际移民组织说，不到三万五千人，或者说大约百分之三的移民，是从土耳其经陆路进入希腊和保加利亚的。
重点单词
查看全部解释
comedy
['k?midi]
想一想再看
n. 喜剧，滑稽，幽默事件
inspiring
[in'spai?ri?]
想一想再看
adj. 令人振奋的，激励人的，鼓舞人心的
original
[?'ridnl]
想一想再看
adj. 最初的，原始的，有独创性的，原版的
联想记忆
X
单词original 联想记忆：
orig升起，开始+in→[生命]开始→起源；出身+al→起源的；独创的
announced
[?'naunst]
想一想再看
宣布的
charming
['t?ɑ:mi?]
想一想再看
adj. 迷人的
联想记忆
X
单词charming 联想记忆：
charm（n 吸引力；（女人的）魅力）
cast
[kɑ:st]
想一想再看
v. 投，掷，抛，铸造，丢弃，指定演员，加起来，投射(目
romantic
[r?'m?ntik]
想一想再看
adj. 浪漫的
n. 浪漫的人
联想记忆
X
单词romantic 联想记忆：
roman浪漫+tic表形容词，通常放在一个名词前，“与…相关的，…的”→浪漫的
thoughtful
['θ?:tful]
想一想再看
adj. 深思的，体贴的
release
[ri'li:s]
想一想再看
n. 释放，让渡，发行
vt. 释放，让与，准
联想记忆
X
单词release 联想记忆：
源于：relax（v 放松；休息）
director
[di'rekt?, dai'rekt?]
想一想再看
n. 董事，经理，主管，指导者，导演
When it’s time to buy a new car, you have 36 brands to choose from. Each automotive brand has something to offer, but not every brand is right for every buyer. Some brands excel at making performance cars, others focus on making family-friendly crossovers or specialize in luxury cars.
如果你需要买一辆新车，你有36个可选择的品牌。每个汽车品牌都满足了不同的需求，但并不是每个品牌都适合每一位消费者。有些品牌擅长制作高性能的车，有些专注于制作家庭适用的跨界休旅车，或是专门制作豪华型轿车。
Homing in on a brand that excels at making the kind of vehicle you’re looking for is an efficient way to focus your shopping and find the best car for you. The 2016 U.S. News Best Vehicle Brand awards recognize the best brands in four categories: Cars, SUVs, Trucks and Luxury.
锁定一个品牌，它擅长于制作你想要的类型的车，这样可以高效地购买并找到对你来说最好的车。2016美国新闻最佳汽车品牌奖从四个类别挑选了最佳的品牌：轿车、SUV、卡车和豪车。
Best Car Brand: Mazda
最佳轿车品牌：马自达
Mazda wins the award for Best Car Brand. The automotive press has always loved Mazdas for their performance, but the Mazda cars on the road today earn positive reviews for their well-made interiors as well as their athletic driving dynamics. The 2016 Mazda3, pictured here, is in the top tier of the U.S. News compact car rankings, with most car reviewers recommending it for its nimble handling, strong acceleration and upscale interior.
马自达获得了最佳轿车品牌的称号。汽车媒体一直很青睐马自达的表现，而如今的马自达汽车都在精致的内部设置和强大的驱动力上赢得了积极的反馈。上图的2016马自达第三代，在美国新闻小巧车排名中摘得桂冠，它的精准操控，强大加速度和高端室内布局，赢得了大多数汽车评论家称赞。
Best Luxury Brand: Porsche
最佳豪华汽车品牌：保时捷
Though many people associate Porsche with pure performance cars, in recent years the brand has expanded their lineup to include the Panamera, a luxury large car shown here, as well as the Cayenne and Macan SUVs. According to most reviewers, the Panamera not only lives up to the performance heritage of the Porsche’s brand, but also coddles occupants with an opulent interior and the connectivity features today’s luxury buyer demands.
尽管很多人总把保时捷与纯性能车联系在一起，但近年来保时捷扩大了他们的阵容，包括帕纳梅拉，即为上图的豪华车型，除此外还有卡宴和小卡宴SUV。根据多数评论家，帕纳梅拉不仅继承了保时捷强大的性能，还满足了使用者对高端内置和联网特性的需求。
译文属可可英语原创，未经允许，不得转载。
When did winter become the season of television’s most distinguished content? The fall season, with its organized and heavily publicized broadcast-network premieres, still gets the attention, but a greater number of interesting shows now arrive on cable, broadcast and online in the first quarter of the year.
从什么时候起，冬季成了一年中电视节目最丰富的季节？今年秋天有许多首播电视剧做了有组织的盛大宣传，获得不少关注，但更多有趣的剧集还是在一年中的前三个月中登陆有线台、无线台和网络。
More than 110 new and returning series made the shortlist for this roundup before being whittled down to the 20 that appear here. (And that’s without the HBO shows “True Detective,” which is being moved to later in the year, and “Game of Thrones,” “Veep” and “Silicon Valley,” whose April premiere dates haven’t been announced.) From a “Breaking Bad” spinoff, to the return of “Broadchurch,” to the final season of “Justified,” the winter is high season for the serious TV watcher.
我们从中精选了110部新剧和回归剧，又进一步缩减到下面的20部剧（内中没有包括HBO台的《真探》[True Detective]，因为它被移到今年晚些时候，亦不包括《权力的游戏》[Game of Thrones]、《副总统》[Veep]和《硅谷》[Silicon Valley]，其中《硅谷》将在四月播出第一集，具体日期未宣布）。从《绝命毒师》(Breaking Bad)的衍生剧到《小镇疑云》(Broadchurch)的回归，再到《火线警探》的最终季，冬天真是电视剧迷的好时光。
THE BRIDGE (Hulu, Friday) The second season of this Danish-Swedish crime drama (the source for FX’s recently canceled series of the same name) once again involves the Oresund Bridge connecting the two countries.
《边桥谜案》(The Bridge)，Hulu，周五播出。这部丹麦、瑞典合拍的犯罪剧即将迎来第二季（FX的同名剧集就是根据它改编的，最近刚刚被砍掉），新的一季仍与连接两个乡村的奥莱桑德桥有关。
DOWNTON ABBEY (PBS, Sunday) Season 5 begins with new blows to Lord Grantham’s self-esteem and the somewhat Victorian touch of an illegitimate baby hidden away in a cottage. For those who haven’t already pirated the British broadcasts or read the recaps, let’s just say that the first episode involves a very heated situation.
《唐顿庄园》(Downton Abbey)，PBS，周日播出。第五季一开始，格兰瑟姆伯爵的自尊就遭到了新打击，还有一个非婚生的婴儿藏匿在乡间小屋的情节，有些维多利亚时代的气息。对于那些还没有通过不法方式看到英国播出的剧集的人，以及那些没看过剧情梗概的人，我们只说第一集中有非常激烈的场面。
EMPIRE (Fox, Wednesday) The filmmaker Lee Daniels (“Precious,” “Lee Daniels’ The Butler”) is behind this new hip-hop soap opera starring Terrence Howard as a rap mogul with a terminal disease.
《嘻哈帝国》(Empire)，Fox，周三播出。这部最新的嘻哈乐肥皂剧的导演是电影人李·丹尼尔斯(Lee Daniels)，他曾执导《珍爱》(Precious)和《白宫管家》(Lee Daniels’ The Butler)）。片中泰伦斯·霍华德(Terrence Howard)饰演一个身患致命疾病的说唱乐大明星。
BABYLON (Sundance, Thursday) James Nesbitt, recently seen as the obsessed father of a long-vanished child in “The Missing,” shows up here in a very different role: as a calculating old-school police commissioner who hires an American public-relations expert (Brit Marling) to update the image of Scotland Yard. Danny Boyle (“Slumdog Millionaire”) created this satirical drama, which bears some resemblance to Armando Iannucci’s political comedy film “In the Loop.”
《警察故事》(Babylon)，Sundance，周四播出。詹姆斯·内斯比特(Jame Nesbitt)最近在《失踪》(The Missing)中出演了一个孩子失踪多年、备受折磨的父亲，他在这部剧中饰演的是完全不同的角色：一个斤斤计较的老派警官，雇用一个美国公关专家（布里特·马灵[Brit Marling]饰），来改善苏格兰场的形象。这部讽刺剧集由《贫民窟的百万富翁》(Slumdog Millionaire)的导演丹尼·博伊尔(Danny Boyle)执导，有点像阿尔曼多·伊安努奇(Armando Iannucci)的政治喜剧片《灵通人士》(In the Loop)。
TOGETHERNESS (HBO, Jan. 11) HBO’s Sunday night comedy block already covers early-20-something New York women (“Girls,” beginning its fourth season the same night) and late-20-something San Francisco gay men (“Looking,” beginning its second). Now it adds 30-something Los Angeles straight people in this sometimes bleakly comic half-hour from Jay and Mark Duplass, the brothers behind quirky films like “The Puffy Chair” and “Baghead.” Mark Duplass and Melanie Lynskey play a married couple sharing a house with his best friend (Steve Zissis) and her sister (Amanda Peet).
《患难与共》(Togetherness)，HBO，1月11日播出。HBO台的周日晚间喜剧组合中已经有了20出头的纽约女人（《都市女孩》[Girls]第四季第一集将在同一天晚上播出），还有快到30岁的旧金山男同性恋（《寻》[Looking]也在当天开播第二季）。现在又来了30多岁的洛杉矶异性恋者们。这部有点阴郁的半小时喜剧来自杰伊(Jay)和马克·杜普拉斯(Mark Duplass)，兄弟俩曾经合拍过《肥大的椅子》(The Puffy Chair)和《纸袋头》(Baghead)等诡异的电影。马克·杜普拉斯和梅兰妮·林斯基(Melanie Lynskey)饰演一对夫妻，和杜普拉斯最好的朋友（史蒂夫·齐西斯[Steve Zissis]饰演）与林斯基的姊妹（阿曼达·皮特[Amanda Peet]饰）合住一栋房子。
BROAD CITY (Comedy Central, Jan. 14) Ilana Glazer and Abbi Jacobson return for a second season of satirizing the poses, compromises and sheer physical grossness of life in New York when you’re underemployed and self-absorbed.
《大城小妞》(Broad City)，Comedy Central，1月14日播出。伊拉纳·格雷泽(Ilana Glazer)与艾比·雅克布逊(Abbi Jacobson)带着第二季回归了，它讽刺了纽约那些大材小用而又自恋的人们生活中的故作姿态、妥协与纯粹粗俗。
THE NIGHTLY SHOW WITH LARRY WILMORE (Comedy Central, Jan. 19) Mr. Wilmore’s topical comedy show replaces “The Colbert Report” at 11:30 p.m. and represents the latest opportunity to introduce some diversity to late-night programming. No pressure there!
《拉里·威尔莫夜间秀》(The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore)，Comedy Central，1月19日播出。威尔莫的主题喜剧秀将取代《科尔伯特报告》(The Colbert Report)在夜间11：30播出，这是深夜节目多样化的最新尝试。完全没有压力！
JUSTIFIED (FX, Jan. 20) The series-long love-hate relationship between Deputy Marshal Raylan Givens (Timothy Olyphant) and his friend and nemesis Boyd Crowder (Walton Goggins) will be resolved, one way or another, in the show’s sixth and final season.
《火线警探》，FX，1月20日。副警长瑞兰·吉文斯（Raylan Givens，蒂莫西·奥利芬特[Timothy Olyphant]饰）与他的朋友兼天敌博伊德·克劳达（Boyd Crowder，沃尔顿·戈金斯[Walton Goggins]饰）之间爱恨交织的关系贯穿了整部剧，不管怎样，这个问题将在第六季，也就是最终季中得到最终解决。
BACKSTROM (Fox, Jan. 22) Last year, Fox tried a show about a self-destructive lawyer (“Rake,” starring Greg Kinnear) that was based on an Australian TV series. That didn’t work, but now the network is trying a show about a self-destructive detective (played by Rainn Wilson of “The Office”) that’s based on a series of Swedish novels. The show was created by Hart Hanson, who was responsible for the Fox series “Bones,” but in the pilot Mr. Wilson’s Backstrom looks a lot more House-like than Bones-like.
《巴克斯托姆》(Backstrom)，Fox，1月22日播出。去年，福克斯推出根据一部澳大利亚电视剧《法庭浪子》(Rake)，由格雷格·金尼尔(Greg Kinnear)主演，讲述一个自毁律师的故事。那部剧没成功，但现在Fox又试着推出了一部根据瑞典系列小说改编的自毁侦探的故事，由《办公室》(The Office)男星雷恩·威尔森(Rainn Wilson)主演。这部剧由Fox的系列剧《识骨寻踪》(Bones)的编剧哈特·汉森(Hart Hanson)主创，但在试播集里，威尔森饰演的巴克斯托姆看上去更像豪斯医生(House)，而不像《识骨寻踪》里的角色。
THE AMERICANS (FX, Jan. 28) Season 3 of this terrific blend of Cold War spy thriller and family drama begins with Washington’s K.G.B. contingent feeling the weight of the Soviet war in Afghanistan. Frank Langella joins the cast as the new handler for the show’s husband-and-wife agents, replacing Margo Martindale’s Claudia. (Making its premiere eight days later: NBC’s “Allegiance,” about Russian spies embedded in the United States. Huh.)
《美国谍梦》(The Americans)，FX，1月28日播出。这部剧精彩地将冷战间谍惊悚剧与家庭剧融为一体，第三季一开始，潜伏在华盛顿的克格勃小队感受到了苏联的阿富汗战争的压力。弗兰克·兰格拉(Frank Langella)加入演员阵容，饰演剧中夫妻间谍的新联系人，取代了玛戈·马丁代尔(Margo Martindale)饰演的克劳迪娅(Claudia)。顺便说一句，八天后NBC即将首播的《忠诚》(Allegiance)是讲述潜伏在美国的俄罗斯间谍的。哈。
FOYLE’S WAR (acorn.tv, Feb. 2) After nabbing the final three episodes of “Agatha Christie’s Poirot” last year, the streaming service Acorn TV scores another coup in the field of traditional British mysteries with the American premiere of this superior show’s ninth season. Starring Michael Kitchen as Christopher Foyle, a detective as honorable as he is shrewd, the series has morphed over the years from a provincial home-front cop show to a le Carré-like Cold War thriller. New episodes involve the Nuremberg trials and Britain’s role in Palestine.
《战地神探》(Foyle’s War)，acorn.tv，2月2日播出。去年流媒体服务网络Acorn TV放完了《大侦探波洛》(Agatha Christie’s Poirot)的最后三集，如今又带来另一部传统英国推理剧，这部超级剧集在英国已经拍到第九季，在美国还是首次播出。迈克尔·基臣(Michael Kitchen)在剧中饰演克里斯托弗·弗伊(Christopher Foyle)，一位可敬而又狡黠的侦探，这部剧多年来从一部“二战”后方警探剧演变成勒卡雷(le Carré)式的冷战惊悚剧。新的几集中有纽伦堡审判以及英国在巴勒斯坦所扮演的角色。
FRESH OFF THE BOAT (ABC, Feb. 4) A Chinese-American family adjusts to life in mid-'90s Florida in this culture-clash comedy based on a memoir by the restaurateur and food-and-travel-show host Eddie Huang. Hudson Yang plays the 11-year-old hip-hop wannabe Eddie, and Randall Park (Kim Jong-un in “The Interview”) plays his father, proud proprietor of a suburban steakhouse.
《初来乍到》(Fresh off the Boat)，ABC，2月4日播出。这部喜剧是根据大厨与美食、旅游真人秀主持人黄颐铭的回忆录改编的，讲述20世纪90年代中期的佛罗里达，一个华裔美国家庭克服文化冲突，努力适应美国生活的故事。哈德逊·杨(Hudson Yang)饰演迷恋嘻哈乐的11岁男孩艾迪，在《采访》(The Interview)中饰演金正恩的兰道尔·朴(Randall Park)饰演他的父亲，一位郊区牛排餐厅骄傲的店主。
BETTER CALL SAUL (AMC, Feb. 8) Vince Gilligan and Peter Gould’s “Breaking Bad” spinoff is probably the most anticipated new series of the winter. Starring Bob Odenkirk as the crooked lawyer Saul Goodman, the show is set before the action of “Breaking Bad,” so any appearances by Bryan Cranston or Aaron Paul would be cameos at best. But the audience favorite Jonathan Banks reprises his role as the phlegmatic enforcer Mike Ehrmantraut.
《风骚律师》(Better Call Saul)，AMC，2月8日播出。这是文斯·吉里根(Vice Gilligan)与彼得·古尔德(Peter Gould)的《绝命毒师》的衍生剧，或许是今年冬天最受期待的新剧了。鲍勃·奥登科克(Bob Odenkirk)饰演狡猾的律师索尔·古德曼(Saul Goodman)，剧情设定在《绝命毒师》的故事发生之前，所以布莱恩·克莱斯顿(Bryan Cranston)或亚伦·保罗(Aaron Paul)至多只是客串出演而已。但观众们最喜欢的乔纳森·班克斯(Jonathan Banks)将在里面重现他在《绝命毒师》中的角色——冷静的行动执行者迈克·厄尔曼特劳特(Mike Ehrmantraut)。
JINX: THE LIFE AND DEATHS OF ROBERT DURST (HBO, Feb. 8) Andrew Jarecki (“Capturing the Friedmans”) directed this six-part documentary series with the cooperation of Mr. Durst, the New York real estate scion linked to several killings and the unsolved disappearance of his first wife.
《倒霉蛋：罗伯特·博斯特的生与死》(Jinx: The Life and Deaths of Robert Durst)，HBO，2月8日播出。《追捕弗雷德曼家族》(Capturing the Friedmans)的导演安德鲁·杰瑞克奇(Andrew Jarecki)执导了这部六集系列纪录片，在片中与博斯特先生通力合作。博斯特出身纽约房地产世家，与数起谋杀事件有关，他的第一任妻子失踪之谜至今未曾解开。
THE SLAP (NBC, Feb. 12) Jon Robin Baitz and Lisa Cholodenko are producers of this adaptation of an Australian mini-series about the fallout from a momentary loss of control at a backyard birthday party. The impressive cast includes Peter Sarsgaard, Uma Thurman, Thandie Newton, Brian Cox and Melissa George (who also appeared in the original).
《一记耳光》(The Slap)，NBC，2月12日播出。乔恩·罗宾·贝茨(Jon Robin Baitz)与丽莎·查罗登科(Lisa Cholodenko)担任制作人，这部剧改编自一部澳大利亚迷你剧，讲述一个后院生日派对失控后带来的后果。演员阵容非常强大，包括彼得·萨斯加德(Peter Sarsgaard)、乌玛·瑟曼(Uma Thurman)、桑迪·牛顿(Thandie Newton)、布莱恩·考克斯(Brian Cox)和梅丽莎·乔治（Melissa George，她也在原剧中出演角色）。
HOUSE OF CARDS (Netflix, Feb. 27) Netflix’s political grand guignol gets a 13-episode third season. Kim Dickens of “Treme” joins Kevin Spacey and Robin Wright in the cast, and two members of Pussy Riot will make a guest appearance.
《纸牌屋》(House of Cards)，Netflix，2月27日播出。Netflix的政治大戏，第三季有13集。除凯文·斯派西(Kevin Spacey)与罗宾·怀特(Robin Wright)外，曾出演《忧愁河上桥》(Treme)的基姆·迪金斯(Kim Dickens)亦加盟该剧，“Pussy Riot”的两位成员亦有客座出演。
BATTLE CREEK (CBS, March 1) What a difference a hit makes. Vince Gilligan wrote a pilot script for this frenemy-cop show more than a decade ago, before he was Vince Gilligan, creator of “Breaking Bad” (and “Better Call Saul”). Now it’s being made into a series with a 13-episode guarantee from CBS. Dean Winters (“Law & Order: SVU,” “30 Rock”) plays a local detective and Josh Duhamel (“Las Vegas”) a slick F.B.I. agent who work together, uneasily, in the Cereal City of Battle Creek, Mich.
《江城警事》(Battle Creek)，CBS，3月1日播出。重磅剧就是会带来这样的改变。文斯·吉利根在十几年前就为这部亦敌亦友的警探搭档剧写好了试播集剧本，当时他还不是《绝命毒师》与《风骚律师》的主创。如今它终于被CBS拍成13集连续剧了。《法律与秩序：特殊受害者》(Law & Order: SVU)和《我为喜剧狂》(30 Rock)的主演在剧中饰演一个当地警探，《拉斯维加斯》(Las Vegas)主演乔希·杜哈明(Josh Duhamel)饰演一个老练的联邦调查局探员，两人在密西根州巴托溪的塞里尔城共事，相处得很不自在。
BROADCHURCH (BBC America, March 4) David Tennant returns in the second season of this evocative British mystery, playing Detective Alec Hardy again (after a season as Detective Emmett Carver in the American remake, “Gracepoint”). With the British premiere scheduled for Monday, the producers have begun to talk a little about the show’s top-secret Season 2 story line, and fans may not like what they hear: Chris Chibnall, the creator and writer, told a British magazine, “It’s not another crime case.” Olivia Colman returns as Detective Ellie Miller, while Charlotte Rampling and Marianne Jean-Baptiste join the cast.
《小镇疑云》，BBC America，3月4日播出。大卫·田纳特(David Tennant)携第二季归来，在这部引人共鸣的英国推理剧中继续饰演亚力克·哈迪(Alec Hardy)探员（去年他在美国翻拍版的《小镇疑云》[Gracepoint]中饰演埃米特·卡弗探员）。这部剧将于周一在英国首映，制作人们已经开始谈起第二季的秘密情节了，编剧克里斯·齐布纳尔(Chris Chibnall)在接受英国杂志采访时说的话可能会让剧迷不爱听，“第二季不是讲罪案的。”奥莉薇娅·科尔曼(Olivia Colman)继续饰演艾丽·米勒(Ellie Miller)探员，夏洛特·兰普林(Charlotte Rampling)和玛丽安娜·琼-巴普迪斯特(Marianne Jean-Baptiste)也加入了演员阵容。
CANCER: THE EMPEROR OF ALL MALADIES (PBS, March 30) Barak Goodman (“Scottsboro: An American Tragedy,” “My Lai”) is the director and Ken Burns is an executive producer of this six-hour series based on the Pulitzer Prize-winning book “The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer” by Dr. Siddhartha Mukherjee.
《癌症：众病之王》(Cancer: The Emperor of All Maladies)，PBS，3月30日播出。该剧由《斯科茨伯勒：美国的悲剧》(Scottsboro: An American Tragedy)与《美莱》(My Lai)的导演巴拉克·古德曼(Barak Goodman)执导，肯·伯恩斯(Ken Burns)担任执行制作人，这部六小时的剧集是根据普利策获奖书籍、悉达多·穆克吉(Siddhartha Mukherjee)医生的《众病之王：癌症传》(The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer)改编的。
WOLF HALL (PBS, April 5) In the season’s most promising piece of casting, Damian Lewis (“Homeland”) will play Henry VIII and the two-time Tony Award winner Mark Rylance will play Thomas Cromwell in this “Masterpiece” adaptation of the popular Hilary Mantel historical novels.
《狼厅》(Wolf Hall)，PBS，4月5日播出。这一季最引人注目的选角，《国土安全》(Homeland)的主演达米恩·刘易斯(Damian Lewis)将在该剧中饰演亨利八世，两获托尼奖的马克·里朗斯(Mark Rylance)将饰演托马斯·克伦威尔(Thomas Cromwell)，这部经典改编剧改编自希拉里·曼特尔(Hilary Mantel)的畅销历史小说。
Restaurants and other retailers across the United States are offering free or discounted items and service to the nation's military veterans Wednesday in honor of the annual Veterans Day holiday observance.
美国各地许多餐馆和商店星期三向美国退伍军人提供免费服务或优惠，以纪念一年一度的退伍军人节。
The special tokens of appreciation will take place alongside more traditional and somber observances, including the laying of a wreath by President Barack Obama at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery, just across the Potomac River from the nation's capital.
除此之外，美国还将举行更为传统的庄重纪念活动，其中包括奥巴马总统在与美国首都华盛顿一河之隔的阿灵顿国家公墓向无名战士墓敬献花圈。
The Veterans Day holiday, which pays tribute to all men and women who have served in the U.S. military, dates back to 1919, when President Woodrow Wilson proclaimed November 11 as Armistice Day to celebrate the end of fighting exactly one year earlier in World War One - "the war to end all wars" - between Germany and the allied nations of Britain, France and the United States. The armistice famously went into effect at "the eleventh hour of the eleventh day of the eleventh month."
向美国男女退伍军人表示敬意的退伍军人节可以追溯到1919年。当时的总统威尔逊宣布11月11日为停战日，庆祝一年前第一次世界大战结束。第一次世界大战交战国一方是德国，另一方是英国、法国和美国。威尔逊将第一次世界大战称作“结束一切战争的战争”。当时的停战在11月11日11时生效。
Armistice Day became an official U.S. holiday in 1938, and remained so until 1954, when it was renamed Veterans Day in the aftermath of both World War Two and the Korean War. It is separate from Memorial Day, which is observed on the last Monday in May and honors servicemen and women killed in war.
停战日在1938年成为美国的正式节日，但在1954年改称退伍军人节。当时是第二次世界大战和朝鲜战争结束不久。退伍军人节跟每年五月最后一个星期一的阵亡将士纪念日不同。
The U.S. Veterans Day holiday also coincides with other World War One-era holidays around the world, including Remembrance Day in Britain and the Commonwealth nations of Australia and Canada.
美国退伍军人节也跟世界其他国家纪年第一次世界大战的节日重合，其中包括英国和英联邦国家澳大利亚以及加拿大的纪念日。
Tencent, with an estimated value of $44.7 billion, was crowned this year's Most Valuable Chinese brand on a list released by the Hurun Institute on Thursday, marking the second time in a row it came up on top.
周四，胡润研究院发布了品牌榜单，估价447亿美元的腾讯成为今年最有价值的中国品牌，这是腾讯连续第二次位居榜首了。
Taobao, subsidiary of Alibaba, came in second place, with a brand value of $42.9 billion, overtaking China Mobile, Baidu and ICBC.
阿里巴巴旗下品牌淘宝位居第二，品牌价值429亿美元，超过了中国移动、百度和中国工商银行。
Of the 200 nominated companies, 101 are privately-owned, while the rest are State-owned enterprises. The total value of these 200 listed brands has risen by 36 percent year-on-year to reach $696 billion, with the top 10 accounting for 46 percent of the total value.
200家提名公司中，101家为私营企业，其余为国有企业。这200家企业的总价值年同比增长了36%，达到6960亿美元，其中前十名占总价值的46%。
Led by Letv, Anbang and Eastmoney, 26 newcomers are on the list; 70 percent are privately held. Mi was the fastest riser, with its value shooting up fivefold year-on-year, to come in at $7.3 billion, followed by TCL and Huawei.
新上榜品牌有26个，其中前三名为乐视、安邦和东方财富，其中民营品牌占70%。小米品牌价值涨幅最大，其价值是去年五倍，为73亿美元，TCL和华为位居其后。
"While most Chinese brands remain unknown to the outside world, within China they are establishing themselves with ever more sophisticated campaigns," said Rupert Hoogewerf, Hurun Report chairman and chief researcher.
“尽管大多数中国品牌在国外还不为人知，但在国内，它们打下了很深的基础，”胡润百富董事长兼首席调研员胡润说。
Finance and real estate made up the backbone of home-grown brands, with 38 and 23 companies coming into the list respectively, and accounting for 30 percent of the brands on the list.
金融和房地产是国产品牌的支柱，榜单中有38个金融企业，23个房地产企业，占了榜单品牌的30%。
Information technology was the third largest sector with 18 brands shortlisted. The total value of listed IT brands accounted for 22.5 percent of the list. Average value increased 10 percent. Beijing is the preferred headquarters location for the IT sector, and 12 listed IT brands set their headquarters there.
信息技术是第三大行业，有18个入围品牌。上榜IT品牌的总价值占到了榜单的22.5%.平均价值上升了10%。北京是IT行业总部的首选位置，有12个上榜IT品牌的总部设在这里。
The average value of the household appliance sector soared 74 percent, showing the biggest increase among top 10 sectors. E-commerce and retail followed, with their value up 69 percent. The medical health care sector climbed up 32 percent. The financial service sector increased 18 percent and the alcohol sector rose 17 percent. Real estate gained 15 percent and food and drinks were up 11 percent.
家用电器行业的平均价值上升了74%，是10大行业里上升幅度最大的。电子商务和零售业位居其后，价值上涨了69%。医疗卫生保健行业上升32%。金融服务行业上升了18%，酒类行业上升了17%。房地产增长了15%，饮食行业上升了11%。
Are the political upheavals of 2016 — Brexit and America’s election of Donald Trump — a triumph of democracy or a threat to it? Democracies must respond to legitimate grievances.
2016年的政治动荡——英国退欧和唐纳德.特朗普(Donald Trump)当选美国总统——是民主的胜利还是对民主的威胁？民主政体必须对合法的抱怨做出回应。
Indeed, their ability to do so peacefully is among their strengths.
实际上，有能力和平回应是它们的长处之一。
But the demagogue’s exploitation of such grievances threatens democracy.
但煽动家利用此类抱怨的做法威胁到了民主。
This has happened elsewhere.
其他地方已经出现了这种情况。
It would be foolish to assume western democracies are immune.
认为西方民主政体不会受影响将是愚蠢的。
In 2016, fear and anger became dominant political emotions in the UK and the US — two of the most important, stable and enduring democracies.
2016年，担忧和愤怒主导了英国和美国这两个最重要、稳定、悠久的民主政体的政治情绪。
The fear was over downward mobility and cultural changes; the anger was against immigrants and indifferent elites.
担忧是围绕向下流动(downward mobility)和文化变迁，而愤怒是针对移民和冷漠的精英。
They came together in resurgent nationalism and xenophobia.
它们汇聚为卷土重来的民族主义和仇外主义。
Some Brexiters and Republicans believe in the ideal of absolutely free markets.
一些英国退欧派人士和共和党人相信绝对自由市场理念，
But that idea did not bring Brexit to the UK or Mr Trump to Washington.
但这种理念不会让英国退欧或者让特朗普当选总统。
The emotions were far more visceral and less attractive.
担忧和愤怒要深刻得多，也更不吸引人。
For democrats, the outburst of such primal emotions is disturbing because they are so hard to contain.
对民主主义者而言，此类原始情绪的爆发之所以令人担忧是因为它们很难遏制。
Democracy is at bottom a civilised form of civil war.
民主政体本质上是一种文明的内战。
It is a struggle for power contained by understandings and institutions.
它是一种受谅解和制度制约的权力争斗。
The understandings are that winners never take all.
谅解是赢家永远不会拿走一切。
Opposition is legitimate, opinion free and power curbed.
反对派是合法的，可以自由表达观点而且权力受到限制。
The values of the citizenry are a democracy’s most important asset.
公民价值观是民主政体最重要的资产。
They must understand in their bones that it is illegitimate to make temporary power permanent by rigging elections, suppressing contrary opinions or harassing the opposition.
他们必须发自内心地明白，通过操纵选举、打击异见或者骚扰反对派让临时权力永久化是不合法的。
There exists no such thing as the people; this is an imaginary entity.
不存在什么人民，这是想象出来的实体。
There are merely citizens whose choices not only may, but surely will, change.
只有公民，而他们的选择不仅可能、而且必然会改变。
While a way must be found to aggregate those views, it will always be defective.
尽管必须找到方法整合公民的观点，但始终会有缺陷。
Ultimately, democracy, or a democratic republic, provides a way for people with different views and even cultures to live side by side in reasonable harmony.
最终，民主政体或者民主共和国为不同观点乃至不同文化的人们提供了较为和谐地比邻而居的方式。
Yet institutions matter, too, because they set the rules of the game.
然而，制度也同样重要，因为它们设定了游戏规则。
Institutions may also fail.
制度也可能失效。
The US electoral college has failed doubly.
美国选举人团制度已经在两方面失效。
Its selection of Mr Trump neither accords with the votes cast in the election nor reflects judgment of the candidate’s merits, as desired by Alexander Hamilton.
它促使特朗普当选不仅与选举中的投票数不符，而且也没有反映出亚历山大.汉密尔顿(Alexander Hamilton)想要的那种对候选人德行的判断。
This founding father argued that the college would both guard against the desire in foreign powers to gain an improper ascendant in our councils and ensure the office of President will never fall to the lot of any man who is not in an eminent degree endowed with the requisite qualifications.
这位开国之父指出，选举人团既会防范外国势力想在我们议会中获得不当影响力之心，又会确保总统之位永远不会落到并非具备必要素质的杰出者那种人手里。
The charges of Russian hacking and Mr Trump’s evident defects of experience, judgment and character show that the college has not proved the bulwark Mr Hamilton hoped for.
对俄罗斯黑客行为的指控以及特朗普在经验、判断和性格上的明显缺陷表明，选举人团制度没能佐证汉密尔顿希望的那种保障作用。
It is up to other institutions — notably, Congress, courts and media — and the citizens at large now to do so.
现在基本上只能依靠其他制度（尤其是国会、法庭和媒体）以及公民。
The more powerful the passions and the more uncontained the ambitions, the more likely the democratic system will collapse into despotism.
煽动家越是热情洋溢和野心勃勃，民主体制就越有可能沦为专制统治。
Demagogues are the Achilles heel of democracy.
煽动家是民主的软肋。
There is even is a standard demagogic playbook.
现在甚至还出现了标准的煽动剧本。
Whether of left or right, they present themselves as representatives of the common people against elites and unworthy outsiders; make a visceral connection with followers as charismatic leaders; manipulate that connection for their own advancement, frequently by lying egregiously; and threaten established rules of conduct and constraining institutions as enemies of the popular will that they embody.
无论是左翼还是右翼，他们都标榜自己是反精英的大众代表和不合适的局外人，并作为魅力领导人与追随者密切联系，他们往往通过弥天大谎来操纵这种联系，用以谋求自己的进步；他们威胁既有的行为准则和约束性制度，把这些准则和制度描述为他们所代表的民意的敌人。
Mr Trump is almost a textbook demagogue.
特朗普几乎是教科书式的煽动家。
Nigel Farage, former leader of the UK Independence party, has not advanced so far because it has proved harder to capture the UK’s party-based institutions than it is the US presidency.
英国独立党(UKIP)前领袖杰尔.法拉奇(Nigel Farage)略逊一畴，就是因为事实证明攻破英国基于党派的制度比美国总统选举更难。
Yet there are similarities between the demagogic elements of the Brexit campaign and the rise of Mr Trump.
然而，英国退欧运动和特朗普崛起中的煽动因素存在相似之处。
For both, opponents are enemies rather than fellow citizens who think differently.
对两者而言，反对派是敌人而非观点不同的同胞。
Both claim to represent the people against foreigners and traitors.
两者都宣称代表反对外国人和卖国贼的人民。
The demagogue’s campaign leads naturally to despotism — the tyranny of the majority that is a mask on the tyranny of one.
煽动家的运动自然导致了专制统治——多数人的暴政掩盖了一个人的暴政。
As institutions are brought under dictatorial control, the opposition is driven into rebellion or acquiescence.
由于制度是在专制统治下制定的，那么反对派就会被迫反叛或者顺从。
Despots use the former as an excuse for repression and the latter to demand absolute obedience.
独裁者利用前者作为镇压的借口，利用后者要求绝对服从。
A host of examples of the demagogic route to power exists, in both past and present.
无论是过去还是现在，都有一系列通过煽动攥取权力的例子。
Benito Mussolini and Adolf Hitler are case studies of demagogues turned into despots.
贝尼托.墨索里尼(Benito Mussolini)和阿道夫.希特勒(Adolf Hitler)就是煽动家变身独裁者的经典例子。
It is not hard to think of recent examples, from Hugo Chávez to Viktor Orban and Vladimir Putin.
最近的例子也比比皆是，从乌戈.查韦斯(Hugo Chávez)到欧尔班.维克托(Viktor Orban)和弗拉基米尔.普京(Vladimir Putin)。
Executives in the finance and real estate industries have the highest pay, according to figures from the 1,894 listed companies that announced their annual financial reports in 2016.
根据1894家上市公司公布的2016年财务年报的数据显示，金融和地产业的高管薪酬最高。
On average, executive pay packets hit 7.09 million yuan in 2016, up 8% year-on-year, higher than the rate of China's GDP and per capita disposable incomes, which were 6.7% and 6.3% respectively.
2016年，高管薪酬均值达709万元，同比增长8%，跑赢了我国国内生产总值6.7%和人均可支配收入6.3%的增速。
Yet disparities were clear among sectors and companies.
不过，行业、企业间的高管薪酬差距明显。
Among the 18 sectors categorized by the China Securities Regulatory Commission, financial executives ranked the highest with annual pay of 27.36 million yuan, followed by real estate executives at 11.18 million yuan.
在证监会分类的18个行业中，金融业高管以2736万元的年薪排名第一，地产业高管以1118万元的年薪位居次席。
The average pay for executives in educational companies was the lowest, just over 2.8 million yuan and about one tenth that of their counterparts in the financial sector.
教育企业高管的薪酬均值倒数第一，刚过280万元，约为金融业高管薪酬的1/10。
The quickest growth in executive pay on average came from the hotel and catering sectors, at 47.58%.
酒店和餐饮业高管薪酬均值增速最快，均为47.58%。
But top managers at companies in the fields of scientific research and technology services saw their pay decrease by 4.2%.
但科学研究和技术服务领域企业的高管薪酬却下降了4.2%。
Wang Jie, the general manager of a Beijing-based investment company, said the higher pay for executives in the financial and real estate industries shows the imbalance of development in China.
北京某投资公司总经理汪杰表示，金融和地产业高管较高的薪酬反映出我国发展不平衡的问题。
Bill Gates topped the list of the world's richest billionaires for the 17th time in 22 years, it has been revealed.
近日，新一期福布斯世界富豪排行榜揭晓，比尔·盖茨在近22年内第17次问鼎榜首。
Though the 60-year-old Microsoft head is 4.2 billion dollars poorer than 2015, his net worth of 75 billion dollars has put him in the top spot of the spot on Forbes' World Billionaires list for the third year in a row, after overcoming Mexico's Carlos Slim Helu in 2014.
已经60岁的微软老大净资产达到750亿美元，尽管比起2015年缩水了42亿美元，却仍足以傲视群雄。自2014年超越墨西哥首富卡洛斯·斯利姆·埃卢以来，盖茨实现了福布斯富豪榜榜首三连庄。
Helu came in fourth in Forbes' 2016 list of 1,810 billionaires, behind Gates, Zara's Amancio Ortega and business mogul Warren Buffett, respectively.
2016年上榜的全球十亿美元级富豪共计1810名，位居次席的是Zara创始人阿曼西奥·奥特加，商界巨擘沃伦·巴菲特紧随其后，埃卢则是位居本榜单的第四名。
Others who made the top ten include Amazon's Jeff Bezos at fifth on the list, Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook at sixth, Oracle's Larry Ellison at seventh, Michael Bloomberg at eighth, and tied for ninth are David and Charles Koch.
榜单前十位还包括：第五名的亚马逊总裁杰夫·贝佐斯，第六名的Facebook的马克·扎克伯格，位居第七的甲骨文公司老板拉里·埃里森，第八名的迈克尔·彭博及并列第九的科赫兄弟（大卫·科赫和迈克尔·科赫）。
Zuckerberg, 31, had the best year of all billionaires, having added 11.2billion dollars to his fortune and moving up from number 16 to six on the list. This is Zuckerberg's and Amazon's Jeff Bezos' first appearance in the top ten of Forbes' annual ranking.
31岁的扎克伯格去年的表现力压群豪，个人资产上涨了112亿美元，从去年的第十六位跃升至今年的第六位。这是他和杰夫·贝佐斯首次进入福布斯年度排名榜单前十位。
The top ten billionaires rake in a net worth of approximately 505.4billion dollars.
榜单前十位富豪的净资产总额合计为5054亿美元。
Forbes found 1,810 billionaires this year, down from last year's record of 1,826. The aggregate net worth of the billionaires was 6.48trillion dollars, 570billion dollars less than last year.
今年上榜的十亿美元级富豪为1810名，低于去年1826人的记录。上榜富豪净资产总计为64800亿美元，比去年减少了5700亿美元。
While 221 people fell off the billionaires list this year, 198 people joined the ranks. Twenty-nine from the 2015 list died, while another 29 rejoined the list after having fallen off.
221位去年上榜的富豪今年跌出榜单，有198位富豪首次入选，去年榜单上有29人去世，今年则有29位重返榜单之人。
Chinese billionaire Wang Jianlin, whose company owns AMC Theaters climbed into the top 20.
中国富豪王健林旗下拥有AMC Theaters等产业，在今年的榜单上进入了前20位。
Notable newcomers to the list include Cameron Mackintosh, the first theater producer to enter the ranks, WeWork's Adam Neumann and Miguel McKelvey and Pinterest's Ben Silbermann and Evan Sharp.
新晋的富翁包括第一位以戏剧制作人身份进入榜单的卡梅隆·麦金托什，WeWork的亚当·诺依曼和米格尔·麦凯尔维，以及图片分享网站Pinterest的创始人本·希伯尔曼和埃文·夏普。
Neumann, Silbermann and Sharp are three of 66 billionaires under 40 years old, a record for the Forbes list.
此外，今年有66位40岁以下的富豪入选，创下了该榜单的记录，诺依曼，希伯尔曼和夏普三人位列其中。
The youngest on the list is 19-year-old Norwegain heiress Alexandra Andresen, who holds a 42 per cent stake in her family's business. Her 20-year-old sister is the second youngest on the list.
岁数最小的富豪是来自挪威的企业继承人亚历山大·安德森，她今年只有19岁。亚历山大20岁的姐姐是岁数第二小的上榜富豪。
US billionaires hold 540 spots on the list, more than any other country in the world. In second is China with 251 and German with 120.
美国有540位富豪入选，是世界上最多的国家。中国和德国则分别有251人和120人入选，分列二、三位。
Singapore tops the list as the most expensive city for the third time in a row, but in a year when costs around the world have been highly volatile.
新加坡已经连续三次被列为世界上生活成本最贵的城市，但是这一年中城市生活成本在世界范围内的分布有了显著的变化。
The Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) produced its Worldwide Cost of Living 2016 report, ranking countries based on the cost of various products and services.
《经济学人智库》发布了2016年世界生活成本报告，根据各种产品和服务的成本对各国进行了排名。
Two United States cities have seen significant increases in costs, with Los Angeles rising 19 places to enter the top 10.
美国两个城市的生活成本都有了显著增长，洛杉矶上升了19个名次进入前十。
New York City, now ranked seventh, has gone up 15 places since last year. It has seen a big jump in costs over recent years, moving up 42 spots since 2011.
纽约现在排名第7，比去年上升了15个名次。近年来，纽约的生活成本涨幅巨大，较2011年上升了42个名次。
Japanese cities have seen a lowering of costs, despite being some of the most expensive cities over the past 20 years, Tokyo and Osaka have dropped to 11th and 14th place, respectively.
在过去的20年里，日本有些城市的生活成本达到过世界最高，但现在正在降低。东京和大阪分别降低了11名和14名。
Paris is the only Eurozone country in the top 10, and sees a drop of three places, which the report says may be due to falling confidence in the euro.
巴黎是前十名中唯一的欧元区国家，而且下降了3个名次，报告指出这可能是由于对欧元的信心下降。
Other European cities have seen increases in costs, pushing them up the rankings. London rose five points, bringing it into the top 10.
其他的欧洲国家生活成本在增长，排名有进步。伦敦上升了5个名次，并且进入前十。
Comparing regions within specific categories of costs, the EIU notes that Asian cities are the most expensive for grocery shopping, with Seoul in South Korea the priciest for food. European cities are the most expensive in terms of recreation and entertainment.
通过比较不同地区指定类别的生活成本，《经济学人智库》指出，亚洲城市在食品上的购买成本最高，其中韩国首尔的食品价格最高。欧洲城市则是在休闲娱乐用品上的成本最高。
The survey discusses projections for going forward: "The cost of living is always changing and there are already indications of further changes that are set to take place during the coming year."
该调查讨论了对未来的预测："生活成本总是变化的，来年将发生的变化已经有了迹象。"
Crucially, they note, instability and conflict around the world could continue to drive inflation and affect the costs of living within certain cities.
调查指出，关键的是，世界的不稳定性和冲突可能继续推动通货膨胀并影响某些城市的生活成本。
重点单词
查看全部解释
stock
[st?k]
想一想再看
n. 存货，储备; 树干; 血统; 股份; 家畜
<br
previous
['pri:vj?s]
想一想再看
adj. 在 ... 之前，先，前，以前的
联想记忆
X
单词previous 联想记忆：
pne以前+vi路[引申为走]+ous→以前走过的→以前的
decline
[di'klain]
想一想再看
n. 衰微，跌落; 晚年
v. 降低，婉谢
expansion
[iks'p?nn]
想一想再看
n. 扩大，膨胀，扩充
联想记忆
X
单词expansion 联想记忆：
ex出+panse扩展+ion表名词，“动作或状态 ”→扩张
global
['gl?ub?l]
想一想再看
adj. 全球性的，全世界的，球状的，全局的
联想记忆
X
单词global 联想记忆：
北京有一个global的厅
galaxy
['g?l?ksi]
想一想再看
n. 银河，一群显赫之人
联想记忆
X
单词galaxy 联想记忆：
gala＝milk牛奶，milky way＝银河系以xy结尾的只有4个单词，xy表示交织在一起，象坐标线一样，银河系也象星星交织在一起。参：neodoxy（n 新学说；新见解）；orthodoxy（adj 正统的）；heterodoxy（n 非正统；异说）
petroleum
[pi'tr?uli?m]
想一想再看
n. 石油
联想记忆
X
单词petroleum 联想记忆：
petr石头，oleum油－石油
enterprise
['ent?praiz]
想一想再看
n. 企业，事业，谋划，进取心
联想记忆
X
单词enterprise 联想记忆：
enter进入+prise进入抓住[目标]→事业；进取心
securities
想一想再看
n. 有价证券；担保；保证人；抵押物（security的
联想记忆
X
单词securities 联想记忆：
买securities很不security（n 安全）
association
[?.s?usi'ein]
想一想再看
n. 联合，结合，交往，协会，社团，联想
联想记忆
X
单词association 联想记忆：
as加强＋soc社会+ion→社团；联合
Chinese companies filed 7,150 patents with the European Patent Office (EPO) in 2016, a year-on-year increase of 24.8%, according to figures released by the EPO last Tuesday.
欧洲专利局上周二发布的数据显示，2016年，中国企业向欧洲专利局共递交7150项专利申请，同比增长24.8%。
It was the fastest growth rate among the top 10 countries on the EPO's patent-filing league table.
这一增幅在欧洲专利局专利申请数量最多的十个国家中位列第一。
Chinese telecommunications giant Huawei filed a notable 2,390 patents, which was the second-largest filing by a company globally, after Philips with 2,568 patents.
值得注意的是，中国电信巨头华为递交了2390项专利申请，其专利申请数量在全球企业中排名第二，仅次于飞利浦(2568项)。
Other Chinese companies that filed a large number of patents included ZTE, Alibaba, Xiaomi, BYD and Haier, all of which are rapidly expanding into Europe.
其他专利申请活跃的中国企业还包括中兴、阿里巴巴、小米、比亚迪和海尔，这些中企均在欧洲迅速扩张。
Benoit Battistelli, president of the EPO, said the increase in patent filings by Chinese companies reflects both their increasing expansion into Europe and the fact that China is becoming a globally innovative knowledge-based country.
欧洲专利局局长伯努瓦·巴迪斯戴利表示，中国公司专利申请量的增加，反映出中国加速扩张到欧洲、正成为一个知识型的全球创新型国家的事实。
"We are also witnessing a positive progress of diversification," he said. "In the past, most Chinese companies' patent filings were concentrated in the ICT sector, but now there are increasingly patents filed in engines, turbines, sports, automotive, and biotechnology sectors."
他说道：“我们也在见证一个有关多样化的积极的发展。在过去，大多数中国企业的专利申请主要集中在信息通信技术领域，但是现在有越来越多的专利申请出现在了发动机、泵体、涡轮机、汽车行业以及生物技术等领域。”
The three-day China Development Forum 2016 kicked off in Beijing.
为期三天的"中国发展高层论坛2016"近日在北京开幕。
Internet tycoons had heated discussions on the promise of artificial intelligence (AI) following the historic victory earlier this month for Google Inc's AI-powered AlphaGo over South Korean Go master Lee Se-dol.
由于本月初谷歌人工智能程序AlphaGo对弈韩国围棋大师李世石取得历史性的胜利，互联网巨头们就人工智能的前景展开了热烈讨论。
Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook Inc, said at the forum that "Artificial intelligence will understand senses, such as vision and hearing, and grasp language better than human beings over the next five to 10 years."
脸书首席执行官扎克伯格在论坛上表示，"人工智能将在未来5至10年内理解视觉和听觉等感觉，并能比人类更好地掌握语言。"
Lei Jun, founder and chairman of Chinese smartphone giant Xiaomi Corp, agreed, describing the win as a breakthrough in artificial intelligence.
智能手机巨头小米创始人雷军同意此观点，将AlphaGo的取胜描述为人工智能领域的突破。
"It struck me as shocking news. As a big fan of Go, I never expected AI to be able to beat a human champion at the current stage of development since it's a pretty complicated game," he said. He predicted that "fueled by this victory, capital and talent will flood into the AI sector".
雷军表示：“这是一个使我震惊的消息。作为一名围棋的忠实爱好者，我从来没有想到人工智能在当前阶段可以击败一个人类冠军，因为这是一项非常复杂的棋类运动。”
Despite the breakthrough, Jack Ma, chairman of Alibaba Group, said there was no need for human beings to fear machines.
尽管人工智能取得了突破，阿里巴巴集团董事局主席马云却认为，人类不需要惧怕机器。
"Machines will be stronger and smarter than human beings, but they will never be wiser," he said, "because one thing's for sure: Wisdom, soul and heart are things that only human beings possess, and machines can never enjoy failure, success, friendship or love."
"我认为机器会比人类更强大、更智能，但绝不会比人类更睿智。"马云如是说。“因为有一件事是肯定的：智慧、灵魂和心灵都是人类所拥有的东西，而机器永远不能享受失败、成功、友谊或爱情。”
At the forum, tech entrepreneurs also shared their views on virtual reality, which they said will be the most important computing platform over the next five to 10 years.
在该论坛上，科技创业者们也分享了他们对虚拟现实的看法。他们纷纷表示，在未来5至10年，虚拟现实将是最重要的计算平台。
A report on entrepreneurship among Chinese college students published by Renmin University of China revealed an inverse proportion between the level of students' academic degrees and their intentions to start their own businesses.
中国人民大学近日发布的我国大学生创业报告显示，学生学位与其创业意愿成反比。
According to the report, students from prestigious universities were less willing to start businesses, likely because of high opportunity cost.
报告称，名校学生的创业意愿较低，或许因为创业机会成本高。
More than 430,000 students from 1,767 universities in 31 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions across China were surveyed. Of the respondents, 89.2% had considered starting a business, with 18.2% reporting firm intentions to do so.
全国31个省(区、市)1767所高校43万多名学生接受了调查。89.2%的受访者曾考虑过创业，18.2%的受访者称有强烈的创业意向。
More than 70% said self-realization was the biggest motivation to start a business.
7成以上受访者表示，实现自我价值是创业的最大动机。
Common industries for college startups include catering, agriculture, IT, transportation, education and culture. 13.8% of the entrepreneurs were interested in hospitality and catering, while 13.7% chose agriculture, the report said.
大学生创业的常见领域包括餐饮、农业、信息技术、运输、教育、文化。报告称，13.8%的创业者对住宿、餐饮业感兴趣，13.7%的创业者选择农业。
Ninety percent of the students believe their universities' guidance on entrepreneurship would help their future businesses. In addition, they professed appreciation for policies intended to encourage entrepreneurship.
90%的学生认为他们大学在创业方面的指导将有助于他们将来的事业。此外，他们还对鼓励创业的政策表示赞赏。
The report found that students majoring in art, agriculture and engineering were more willing to start businesses, while those majoring in history and science showed relatively low interest.
报告发现，艺术学、农学、工学专业的学生创业意愿最高，而历史学和理科专业的学生创业兴趣相对较低。
A lack of capital and experience is the biggest obstacle for college entrepreneurs, the report suggested, stating that 40 percent of such young entrepreneurs rely on external capital such as loans from banks, investment organizations, schools and the government.
报告指出，缺少资金和经验是大学生创业者们面临的最大障碍，40%的年轻创业者们依赖于诸如来自银行、投资机构、学校和政府等机构贷款的外部资金。
10. Taitung, Taiwan-The footbridge which connects small, uninhabited Sanxiantai Island to Taitung is celebrated for its eight looping arches. This coastal county is in Lonely Planet's list of top destinations in Asia to visit in 2016.
中国台湾台东——这座连接了无人小岛三仙岛和台东县的人行桥非常有名，因为它由8座拱桥相连而成。在《孤独星球》2016年“亚洲最佳景点”中，这座沿海小县城也名列其中。
9. Meghalaya, India-"Meghalaya won't stay this quiet for long; go before thrill seekers storm the Khasi Hills," advises Lonely Planet. Pictured is Nohkalikai Falls, India's tallest plunge waterfall at 340 meters.
印度梅加拉亚邦——《孤独星球》上说：“梅加拉亚邦这种平静的状态不会维持太久的，在寻求刺激的人群占领卡西山之前赶紧去那里吧！”照片上拍摄的是乞拉朋齐瀑布，它是印度最高的飞瀑，高达340米。
8. Trang Islands, Thailand-The islands of Trang, a sleepy province in southeast Thailand, have remained under the radar. Wooden longtail boats can be rented to travel between the islands—and to see the endangered dugongs.
泰国董里岛——董里岛是泰国东南部一个可被雷达侦测到的沉睡之省，游人可以在那里租长尾船，到岛屿之间穿行，还可以去看濒临灭绝的儒艮。
7. Pemuteran, Indonesia-Bali's pemeturan has sites for scuba diving among coral-covered Buddha statues, while ground-level offerings include beachfront resorts and restaurants.
印度尼西亚佩母德兰——在巴厘岛的佩母德兰，可以在长了珊瑚的佛像周围进行水肺潜水，也可以到地面上享受海滩胜地和餐馆美食。
6. Ipoh, Malaysia-Around 200 kilometers north of Kuala Lumpur, the former British colonial city is now a foodie destination, where local street food and boutique cafes around.
马来西亚怡保——怡保位于吉隆坡北部约200公里处，从前是英国的殖民地，如今却是美食家的天堂，那里既有当地路边小吃，也有精致的咖啡馆。
5. Hong Kong, China-A junk boat set against the famous skyline might be the iconic shot of Hong Kong, but Lonely Planet picked the territory for its natural heritage miles away from Victoria Harbor.
中国香港——也许香港的标志性景观是一艘驶入画面的仿古船，其背景正是这座城市举世闻名的天际线，但《孤独星球》选中此地却是因为距维多利亚港数英里之外的自然遗产。
4. Con Dao Isalsnd, Vietnam-Once the site of the infamous Con Dao prison, Vietnam's isolated archipelago of 16 islands known as the Con Dao Islands is starting to become known for its scenery and fresh seafood.
越南昆岛——越南昆岛曾是臭名昭著的昆岛监狱所在地，由16座独立的小岛组成；现在，它的美景及海鲜正变得越来越有名气。
3. Jeonju, South Korea-Hundreds of traditional Korean houses remain in central Jeonju's Hanok village.
韩国全州——在全州的韩屋村，仍保留着几百座传统的韩式房屋。
2. Shanghai, China-The enormous metropolis of Shanghai—China's most populous city—has an historic urban core which sits alongside its status as a contemporary, global financial hub.
中国上海——上海这座大都市是中国人口最多的城市，在那里，有着深厚历史底蕴的城市核心区与当代全球金融枢纽融为一体。
1. Hokkaido, Japan-Though known primarily to the outside world for its ski resorts and powdery snow, Hokkaido's year-round beauty might soon become a more familiar sight to foreign visitors. The new bullet-train service from Tokyo should help.
日本北海道——尽管北海道最初因作为滑雪胜地而闻名于世，那里的雪花洁白而细腻；但也许很快它的全年美景就会更为外国游客所熟知，而新修建的自东京驶来的高速列车应该会起很大作用。
China has broken into the world's top 25 innovative economies for the first time, thanks to investments in education and research and development that have translated into new patents and licenses, a study said on Monday.
据周一发布的一份报告显示，伴随对教育和研发的投资正在不断转变为新的专利和许可，中国首次跻身世界最具创新力经济体前25强。
The world's second-largest economy is catching up to traditional innovation front-runners, who were led again this year by Switzerland, Sweden, Britain and the United States, said the annual report by the U.N.'s World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), INSEAD Business School and Cornell University.
联合国世界知识产权组织（WIPO）、英士国际商学院和美国康奈尔大学联合发布的年度报告显示，全球第二大经济体正在赶追创新领域那些传统的领先者。目前，第一集团主要是由瑞士、瑞典、英国和美国引领。
More than 100 countries are ranked according to 82 indicators of innovation, which is critical to driving growth in a competitive globalised world, said "The Global Innovation Index 2016". China's move up from 29th last year marks the first time a middle-income country has joined the top 25.
创新对于推动竞争激烈的全球化世界的增长至关重要，2016年全球创新指数根据82个创新指标的表现对超过100个国家进行排名。中国从去年的第29名攀升至第25名，这也是第一次有中等收入国家进入前25强。
"Let me point to the performance of China, in coming in at number 25 in the rankings, is now joining the upper income group of countries that have traditionally dominated the top slots in the global innovation index," the WIPO director-general, Francis Gurry, told a news conference.
世界知识产权组织总干事弗朗西斯.高锐在记者会上表示“中国的表现必须予以强调，他们的排名排到了第25位，与那些多年来一直位居全球创新指数前列的高收入国家比肩而立。”
"That of course is in keeping with all of the developments that we have seen in China in recent years, including the current enormous emphasis on innovation as a major component in the transition of the Chinese economy from 'Made in China' to 'Created in China'," he said.
他表示：“这当然与中国近年来我们所看到的发展是分不开的，其中包括中国经济从‘中国制造’到‘中国创造’的转型当中，对创新的高度强调就是其中的重要内容。”
China's innovation indicators show "consistent steady improvement", Gurry said, adding: "And there's no reason to think that that will not continue."
中国的各个创新指标显现出“持续稳健的进步”，高锐表示，“没有理由认为这前进的脚步会停下来。”
Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump can look forward to a presidential salary of $400,000 if they win in November.
希拉里?克林顿和唐纳德?特朗普之中的一人有望于在十一月的美国总统大选中胜出，就任年薪40万美元的总统一职。
That's a fraction of their earning power -- Hillary and Bill Clinton banked $10.6 million mostly from speaking fees and royalties in 2015, while Trump said he made almost $560 million.
40万美元对于他们来说可谓九牛一毛——2015年，希拉里和她的丈夫比尔?克林顿主要通过演讲和版税收入赚得了1060万美元，特朗普也声称自己赚得将近5600万美元。
But it's the best pay on offer for a major world leader.
但与其他世界主要国家领导人相比，这薪酬已经是最高了。
Here's how the pay of prime ministers and presidents of the world's biggest economies stacks up, according to official data and converted into US dollars at market rates.
以下是根据官方数据（所有收入均按市场汇率折合成了美元）得出的世界主要国家领导人收入排行。
President Obama leads the pack. On top of the $400,000 a year, he gets a tax-free expense account worth $50,000. The salary was last raised by Congress in 2001.
美国总统奥巴马以每年40万美元的收入高居榜首，同时还拥有5万美元的免税账目。国会最近一次给美国总统加薪是在2001年。
Angela Merkel's salary as German chancellor is set at 218,400 euros a year ($242,000). The chancellor got a 2% pay rise at the beginning of March, and will get another 2% next February.
德国总理默克尔的年收入为21.84万欧元（约合24.2万美元）。德国总理的薪水在今年三月初上调2%，并将于明年二月继续上调2%。
South Africa's leader Jacob Zuma got a 4% raise in March, but his salary in dollar terms has actually dropped compared to last year, because of the fall in the south African rand.
南非总统雅各布?祖马的工资于三月份上调4%，但由于南非兰特的贬值，换算成美元后，其收入较去年实际有所下滑。
The French president would have ranked much higher had he not taken a 30% pay cut on assuming office in 2012.
如果法国总统奥朗德在2012年上任后没有主动减薪30%，他的排名还能更靠前。
Without the cut, Hollande would have earned 255,600 euros a year ($274,522), second only to Obama. Now he makes $198,700. Famously, his personal hairdresser makes $132,000 a year.
减薪前奥朗德的年收入为25.56万欧元（约合27万4522美元），仅次于美国总统奥巴马。但现在他的年收入仅为19.87万美元。众所周知，他的御用理发师年收入高达13.2万美元。
Theresa May, the new British prime minister, earns 143,462 pounds ($186,119) a year. That includes her salary as a member of parliament, which is 74,962 pounds ($97,256) a year.
英国新晋首相特蕾莎?梅的年收入为14万3462英镑（约合18万6119美元），其中包括了她作为国会议员的年收入74962英镑（约合97256美元）。
Unfortunately for May, the big drop in the pound since the Brexit vote means her salary has plunged in dollar terms.
但由于受到英国脱欧的影响，英镑大幅贬值，英国首相的收入换算成美元后也在大幅缩水。
Her predecessor David Cameron placed fifth in CNNMoney's previous ranking in March 2015 with his salary of ￡142,500, then worth $214,800. May is only seventh.
2015年3月，前任首相卡梅伦在CNNMoney的收入排行中以14万2500英镑（在当时约合21.48万美元）的年收入位列第五，而梅今年只排到第七。
Russian President Vladimir Putin took a 10% pay cut last year, as his country sank into a deep recession. But that was after his salary more than doubled in April 2014, to roughly 9.7 million rubles.
去年，由于俄罗斯经济陷入衰退，总统普京的工资因此缩减10%，但在此之前，普京2014年4月薪资增长逾两倍，约970万卢布。
According to Putin's most recent income declaration, he earned roughly 8.9 million rubles ($137,000) in 2015.
根据普京最近的一次收入申报，2015年他总计收入大约为890万卢布（约合13.7万美元）。
Brazil's President Dilma Rousseff, who is facing impeachment, slashed her own salary by 10% to $103,400 a year last October as part of a wider austerity drive.
受到国家经济全面紧缩的影响，正面临弹劾的巴西总统迪尔玛?罗塞夫在去年十月时年收入下滑至10.34万美元，与之前相比下降10%。
Graduates in economics and finance still have great prospects for making big money, the National Business Daily reported, citing a new survey. The average monthly salary for graduates from five major Chinese universities in finance and economics stayed above 10,000 yuan.
据《每日经济新闻》网报道，经过一项最新调查显示，经济和金融类院校毕业生最有'钱'途。国内5大财经类高校毕业生的平均月薪在1万元以上。
With an average monthly salary of 14,822 yuan five years after graduation, graduates from Tsinghua University topped the salary rankings. While graduates from 39 colleges made the 10,000-yuan list, 185 colleges saw their graduates average monthly salary top 8,000 yuan, while graduates from 789 colleges made more than 6,000 yuan a month on average.
清华大学的毕业生以毕业五年后平均月薪14822元高居榜首。39所高校生跻身万元户行列。此外，共有185所高校的毕业生平均月薪突破8000元大关，789所高校的平均月薪突破了6000元大关。
Fudan University and Peking University, two prestigious comprehensive universities in China, were ranked fourth and sixth on the salary ranking, while the remaining of the top 20 were dominated by finance/economics and science/technology schools.
榜单的前20名中，除了排名第四的复旦大学和第六名的北京大学这两所综合类高校之外，其余席位多被财经类和理工类高校占据。
Data also showed that the average salary for the top 100 colleges on the rankings increased by 1,818 yuan over last year, up 22.8 percent.
同时，调查数据还显示，榜单上前100名的学校，毕业生平均月薪较去年上涨了1818元，涨幅达到22.8%。
However, the competition in the finance industry was also fierce. Graduates were advised to start with entry-level jobs and constantly improve their comprehensive capabilities to stay competitive.
不过，在财经领域，激烈竞争也是不可避免的。毕业生进入职场后应从基础工作开始，一步步提升综合能力，保持自身竞争力。
An industry insider said the survey indicated that China was in the process of an industrial upgrade and a high value-added service sector was on the rise. This is leading to a thriving Internet industry, which needs science and engineering professionals, and a booming finance industry, which requires finance and economics professionals.
业内人士称，该调查显示我国正在进行产业升级，高附加值的服务行业呈上升趋势，这将带来一个欣欣向荣、需要理工类专业人才的互联网产业和一个蒸蒸日上、需要财经类专业人才的金融产业。
1. World Health Organisation declares a public emergency of international concern over Zika
世界卫生组织宣布寨卡构成国际关注的公共卫生紧急事件
1 February
2月1日
In global health, 2016 will be remembered as the year a little known virus made a major impact. It felt strangely familiar, but this time it wasn't Ebola making headlines around the world, it was Zika - a mosquito-borne virus being linked to a huge spike in the number of babies in Brazil born with brain defects.
因为一种鲜为人知的病毒所造成的重大影响，2016年将在全球卫生方面被人们铭记。这似曾相识，不过此次登上全球头条新闻的不是埃博拉病毒，而是寨卡——一种通过蚊子传播的病毒，大脑存在缺陷的新生儿数量在巴西急剧增加与此有关。
World Health Organisation declared that the cluster of microcephaly cases and other neurological disorders were a public health emergency of international concern, it was a rallying cry for the international community to respond.
世界卫生组织宣布小头症及其他神经系统紊乱疾病的爆发构成国际关注的公共卫生紧急事件，呼吁国际社会联手应对。
2.SpaceX demonstrates a big step towards fully reusable space craft
美国太空探索技术公司在航天器充分回收方面取得重大进展
8 April
4月8日
It was an incredible achievement for SpaceX. The first stage rocket of one of its Falcon 9 launchers, having successfully lofted cargo to the International Space Station, managed to turn itself around, bleed off the enormous kinetic energy it had acquired while its main engines were burning, fly back down to Earth and land vertically - with balletic precision - on a rather tiny looking robotic barge floating somewhere in the Atlantic.
美国太空探索技术公司取得了一项令人难以置信的成就。“猎鹰9号”发射器的一级火箭在成功将货物运送到国际空间站后，能够自主转向，释放了主发动机燃烧提供的巨大动能，飞回地球并垂直降落在漂浮在大西洋上的一艘相当小的自动驳船上，极其精准。
3. Portugal is entirely powered by renewable energy for four days
葡萄牙完全使用可再生能源供电四天
7-11 May
5月7日-11日
Moving away from fossil fuels to renewable energy is surely the most important engineering and scientific challenge of our age.
从化石燃料转向可再生能源，无疑是我们这个时代最重要的工程挑战和科学挑战。
Portugal's achievement gives governments and energy companies a tangible example of how it can and does work, and why they should be investing in solar, wind, wave and other renewable technologies now.
葡萄牙的成就说明这种转变是可行的，它为各国政府和能源公司提供了一个实实在在的范例，也告诉他们为什么现在应该投资太阳能、风能、波浪能和其他可再生技术。
4. New reserves of helium discovered
储氦新发现
28 June
6月28日
In June this year, a collaboration between universities and industry announced that it had discovered a huge reserve of helium gas in Tanzania, using a new exploration technique.
今年六月，一项大学和工业界的合作宣布，他们通过一种新的勘探技术在坦桑尼亚发现了一个储量巨大的氦气田。
5. Confirmation of the discovery of a nearby habitable planet
确认发现近地宜居行星
24 August
8月24日
The nearest star, Proxima Centauri, has a planet orbiting it not much bigger than Earth. Its "year" is only 11 days. But it's in the habitable zone because Proxima Centauri is a red dwarf star about 100 times fainter than the sun. And there's hot news that a similar star, 40 light years away, may have three planets in its habitable zone.
有一颗大小与地球相近的行星围绕着距离太阳最近的恒星——半人马座比邻星运转。这颗行星的“一年”仅有11天。但因为比邻星是一颗红矮星，它比太阳暗100倍左右，因此行星位于宜居区。另一则热门消息称，40光年外的一颗相似恒星的宜居区可能存在三颗行星。
6. Our last universal common ancestor gets a makeover
对“最后的共同祖先”的认识发生了改观
25 July
7月25日
7. The legacy of a celebrated neuroscientist is contested
一位著名神经学家的遗作引发的争议
7 August
8月7日
In 1953, Patient HM had experimental brain surgery that left him with striking amnesia. Decades of subsequent research with HM by neuropsychologist Suzanne Corkin made a major contribution to our understanding of memory.
1953年，病人HM因接受脑部实验手术患上了严重的健忘症。通过对HM进行数十年的后续研究，神经心理学家苏珊娜?科金在人类对记忆的认识方面做出了重大贡献。
Corkin died this year but shortly after, journalist Luke Dittrich published a book claiming Corkin buried inconvenient findings, shredded files, and acted unethically in gaining HM's consent.
科金今年去世不久后，记者卢克? 迪特里希出版了一本书，声称科金掩埋不利发现，撕毁文件，并且用不道德的方式取得了HM的同意。
8. Greenland sharks live for a very long time
格陵兰鲨活得很久
11 August
8月11日
On our increasingly human-dominated planet we can still learn much from the lives of other species. The discovery this year that the Greenland shark lives for 400 years, making it the longest-living vertebrate, puts our hectic lives into perspective.
在这个越来越为人类所主宰的星球上，我们仍然可以从其他物种身上学习到很多东西。格陵兰鲨鱼可存活400年，是世界上最长寿的脊椎动物，这一发现让人类重新审视自己忙碌的人生。
9. CO2 in the Earth's atmosphere passes 400 parts per million
地球大气中的二氧化碳浓度超过了百万分之400个单位
28 September
9月28日
10. A bad marriage can lead to an early death
糟糕的婚姻会导致早逝
1 October
10月1日
This research involves a large longitudinal study of emotion in interactions within married couples.
这项研究需要对夫妻互动时的情绪进行庞大的纵向研究。
Scientists get couples into the lab and looking at their stress levels while they have “difficult” conversations, finding that couples that deal with stress with positive emotions like laughter become less stressed, and tend to stay together for longer.
科学家们让夫妻进入实验室，在他们开始“别扭”对话时观察他们的压力水平。研究发现，面对压力时，用大笑等积极情绪缓解压力的夫妻在一起的时间往往更久。
This year they looked at the use of negative strategies such as anger or stonewalling responses to conflict, and found that these predicted health-related changes over time in specific ways.
今年，科学家们研究了对冲突表现出愤怒、拖延的消极策略，他们发现，久而久之这些反应会以某些特定方式预示与健康相关的变化。
11. Arctic and Antarctic sea ice volumes both fall to an all-time low
北极和南极海冰量均降至历史最低水平
17 November
11月17日
12. Scientists modify photosynthesis to boost crop yield
科学家改良光合作用提高作物产量
18 November
11月18日
Last month scientists at Illinois University made a breakthrough that could herald a second green revolution for world agriculture – they improved the efficiency of photosynthesis, the process by which plants turn sunlight into the biomass that is the source of all our food.
伊利诺伊大学的科学家们上个月取得的突破性进展预示着全球农业将迎来第二次绿色革命——他们提高了光合作用的效率，这是植物将阳光转化为生物量的过程，也是人类所有食物的来源。
The China Association of Automobile Manufacturers announced on Friday that passenger car sales totaled 2.2 million units in January, 9.3 percent more than a year earlier, and the production of new-energy vehicles surged by 144 percent.
上周五，中国汽车制造协会宣布，1月份的乘用车销量达到220万台，比去年同期增长了9.3%，同时，新能源汽车的产量则激增了144%。
The passion for sport utility vehicles continues and the category contributed the most to the entire market, with about 784,900 units sold, a surge of 60.5 percent year-on-year. About 261,400 multi-purpose vehicles were sold in January, a jump of 15.9 percent from the same period last year.
其中，人们对越野车的热情不减，大约售出了78.49万台，同比飙涨了60.5%，成为车市的贡献最大者。此外，1月份还售出了26.14万台多用途车辆，比去年同期增长15.9%。
The top SUV maker and MPV maker last month are familiar to all: Great Wall Motor and SAIC General Motor Wuling stayed on their segment thrones. SAIC Volkswagen also maintained its crown in the sedans and hatchbacks segment.
在上月销量最高的SUV和MPV制造商中，大家所熟悉的长城汽车和上汽通用五菱汽车成功卫冕。在轿车和掀背车型上，上汽大众也保持其冠军地位。
In contrast, the nation witnessed a tumbling trend for minivans, whose volume totaled 71,300 units, a 31 percent drop year-on-year.
相比之下，小型货车销量却开始走下坡路，其成交量仅为7.13万台，同比跌幅31%。
Data from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology showed the production of new-energy vehicles last month surged by 144 percent year-on-year to 16,100 units, and the output of fully electric passenger vehicles tripled from the same period last year, reaching 7,952 units in January. Official data showed that 97 percent of new-energy vehicles produced in January would be eligible for favorable taxation policies.
工业部和信息技术部的数据显示，上月新能源汽车的产量为1.61万台，比去年同期大幅上涨了144%。全电动乘用车的产量达到7952台，是去年同期的三倍。政府数据显示，一月份生产的新能源汽车，97%都有资格享受税收优惠政策。
The country has rolled out measures to promote new-energy vehicles, including tax exemptions, subsidies for car purchases and a requirement for government departments to buy more new-energy cars.
国家已出台多项措施来推动新能源汽车，包括免税、发放购车补贴，以及要求政府部门购买更多的新能源汽车。
Well, that’s it, kids: we’re heading home. Chinese shares are down 7 per cent, and thanks to the newly-instituted market circuit breakers, that means the market shuts.
沪深300指数(CSI 300)包含了沪深两市交易的300支主要A股,其于2016年交易首日下跌7%，根据新推行的市场熔断机制，意味着当日股市交易已结束。
The CSI 300, which consists of 300 of the top A-shares traded on the Shanghai and Shenzhen exchanges, is down 7 per cent and will be shut for the remainder of the day.
上证综指下跌6.85%，以科技版块为重点的深证综指下跌8.22%。
In early December, authorities announced that market circuit breakers would be introduced become effective from January 1 in an effort to limit the volatility seen during the savage, summer sell-off from June. The circuit breakers would see trading in shares, options and futures halted for 15 minutes if they fell by more than 5 per cent. On their first day of use, that first threshold was breached just after the return from the lunchbreak, prompting a 15-minute halt.
去年12月初，中国有关部门宣布将于今年1月1日起实施股市熔断机制，以限制股市再出现去年6月夏季大抛售时的波动。当股票、期权和期货下跌逾5%，将触发熔断机制，交易将暂停15分钟。今天是熔断机制启用的第一天，下午刚一开盘，于当地时间下午1:14分，A股市场就突破了第一道阈值，触发停盘15分钟。当交易恢复后，5分钟内大盘继续下跌了2%，二度触发熔断机制。
But the declines continued, and now it’s all over, red rover.
停盘可能对深证综指起到了良好的作用，跌幅达8.22%的深证综指面临自2007年2月27日以来最大单日跌幅。此外根据FastFT的计算，自1996年12月16日中国股市实施10%的每日交易限制以来，今天这个缩短的交易日将列入深证综指第九大单日最大跌幅。
The Shanghai Composite is nursing a decline of 6.85 per cent, while the tech-focused Shenzhen Composite is down 8.19 per cent.
中国股市的跌势仍在继续，现在“红线”已触，一切都提早结束了。
The joint Sino-American programme delivered by the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and Kellogg School of Management has returned to the top of the Financial Times ranking of the best 100 MBAs for senior executives.
香港科技大学(Hong Kong University of Science and Technology)和凯洛格管理学院(Kellogg School of Management)合办的中美EMBA项目重新夺回英国《金融时报》100个最佳EMBA项目排行榜的冠军宝座。
Kellogg/HKUST dominated this ranking from 2009 to 2014 but lost out to Trium in 2014 and to Tsinghua University/Insead in 2015.
凯洛格与香港科技大学的EMBA项目从2009年至2014年一直位居该排行榜榜首，但2014年输给Trium项目，2015年又败给清华大学(Tsinghua)与欧洲工商管理学院(Insead University)合办的EMBA项目。
While Insead’s joint programme dropped back into second place, its single-school programme moved up three places to fourth, a place it last occupied in 2011.
尽管欧洲工商管理学院与清华大学的合办项目重新跌至亚军位置，但欧洲工商管理学院自己的EMBA项目的排名却上升3个位置，排在第四位，该项目上次获得第4名是在2011年。
It is the first time in five years that a single programme broke into the top five, so strong was the hold of the main five global EMBAs.
这是5年来非合办EMBA项目首次跻身前5名，全球EMBA项目前5名的名次非常稳定。
This is the 16th edition of the FT global executive MBA ranking.
这是英国《金融时报》第16份全球EMBA排行榜。
The ranking rates the best 100 programmes worldwide for working senior executives.
该排行榜为有工作经验的高级管理人员评出全球最优秀的100个EMBA项目。
It is based on a survey of business schools and another of their alumni who graduated in 2013.
它基于针对各商学院及其2013年毕业的学员的调查。
The data measure how successful alumni have been in their career in terms of salary, seniority and achievements since graduating.
这些数据衡量了校友们自毕业以来在职业方面成就如何，衡量标准包括薪资、职位级别及个人成绩。
The strength of Kellogg/HKUST is the quality of its participants.
凯洛格/香港科大EMBA项目的优势在于学员的素质。
Not only does its small cohort of about 50 allow the school to select highly experienced participants, it also creates a strong bond between them.
该项目的规模较小，为50人左右，这不仅令该学院得以遴选非常有经验的学员，还使得学员之间非常亲近。
The students were very experienced, commented one graduate. Networking and interaction among everyone involved were key aspects of this programme.
学员非常有经验，一位毕业生说，所有学员之间的交往和互动是这个项目的重要方面。
Its alumni enjoyed by far the greatest financial rewards, with an average salary of $469,000 three years after graduation.
毕业于该项目的学员获得的金钱回报遥遥领先，毕业3年后的平均年薪为46.9万美元。
The programme has enabled me to take a quantum leap in my career and prepared me to take on a strategic C-level [chief-level] role right after graduation, said another alumnus.
另一名学员表示：这个项目让我的事业获得了巨大飞越，为我在毕业后马上就担任一个战略最高层管理职位做好了准备。
It is the first time that EMBA-Global, the joint programme delivered by London Business School and Columbia Business School, has dropped out of the top five.
这是伦敦商学院(London Business School)和哥伦比亚商学院(Columbia Business School)合办的EMBA-Global项目首次跌出前5名。
The programme entered the ranking in second place in 2006 and was ranked top in 2008.
该项目曾在2006年荣获亚军，并在2008年斩获冠军头衔。
However, this year it is ranked in eighth place.
然而，今年该项目仅排在第8位。
EMBAGlobal is the only programme in the top 10 that saw a slight drop in the average salary of its alumni compared with last year (the other nine recorded strong increases).
EMBA-Global是排在前10名的项目中唯一一个毕业学员平均薪资同比略微下滑的项目（其他9个项目的毕业学员平均薪资都出现强劲增长）。
Haub School of Business at Saint Joseph’s University in Pennsylvania is the only school ranked for the first time, in 98th place.
宾夕法尼亚州圣约瑟夫大学(Saint Joseph’s University)的Haub商学院(Haub School of Business)是唯一一所首次上榜的学院，排在第98位。
Seven schools made it back into the top 100 after having missed out in the past year or two.
有7所商学院在过去一两年落榜后重新上榜。
The highest ranked of these is Fudan University School of Management in Shanghai at 40, down eight places on its previous rank in 2014.
其中排名最高的是上海复旦大学管理学院(Fudan University School of Management)，排在第40位，较此前在2014年的排名下滑8个名次。
Female and male participants typically have similar profiles at the start of their EMBA.
在攻读EMBA课程之初，男女学员的简单情况基本类似。
At 36, women are about two years younger than men but senior positions are fairly well distributed between genders, with only slightly more women in relatively junior positions — 26 per cent of them are professionals compared with 24 per cent of men.
女学员开始攻读EMBA课程的年龄（36岁）较男性年轻两岁左右，但高级职位上的男女比例基本平衡，担任较初级职位的女性略多一些——26%的女学员担任专业职位，男学员的这一比例为24%。
Fewer women than men have worked abroad for at least six months (42 per cent and 52 per cent respectively) but they share exactly the same motivations — to develop management skills, build their network and increase their earnings.
在海外工作过至少6个月的女性少于男性（比例分别为42%和52%），但动机完全一样：加强管理能力、打造自己的人脉以及提高薪资。
However, before starting their EMBAs, there is already a wide gap in salaries, with women earning on average 15 per cent less than men, at $111,000 and $128,000 respectively.
然而，在开始攻读EMBA课程之前，男女学员之间已然存在巨大的薪资差距，女性平均薪资较男性低15%，女性和男性的这个数字分别为11.1万美元和12.8万美元。
Men and women rated the strengths of their programme equally.
男女学员对所攻读项目的优势评价一样。
However, significantly fewer women (59 per cent) occupy positions as department heads or above than men (68 per cent) three years after graduation.
然而，在毕业3年后，担任部门负责人或以上级别职位的女性（59%）显著少于男性（68%）。
The pay gap has increased to 17 per cent, with women on an average of $170,000 compared with nearly $200,000 for men.
男女学员的薪资差距已扩大到17%，女性平均薪资为17万美元，男性则达到近20万美元。
Spanish business school IE has scored a hat-trick by reaching the top spot in the Financial Times ranking of online MBA programmes for the third year in a row. IE came in ahead of the UK’s Warwick Business School, ranked number two for the third year running, and Durham University Business School, which made it into the top three for the first time.
西班牙IE商学院上演“帽子戏法”，在英国《金融时报》“在线MBA排行榜”上连续第三年夺冠。英国华威商学院(Warwick Business School)连续第三年排在亚军位置，英国杜伦大学商学院(Durham University Business School)首次跻身前三甲。
The 15 ranked online MBA programmes provide flexible study options for working executives, who can expect to graduate with the same qualification as their full-time, residential MBA counterparts.
上榜的15个在线MBA项目为在职高管们提供了灵活的学习选择，他们在毕业时可以获得与全日制“住读”MBA学员一样的学位。
While the FT online and full-time MBAs are not strictly comparable because the criteria used to judge them are slightly different, it is interesting to note that IE and Warwick Business School are among six schools to feature in both rankings.
尽管从严格意义上来说，英国《金融时报》在线MBA排行榜和全日制MBA排行榜没有可比性，因为二者的评判标准略有不同，但我们饶有兴致地发现，IE商学院和华威商学院等6所院校都同时登上了两个排行榜。
IE’s online MBA consistently attracts high-calibre students. Half of IE’s alumni were senior managers when they enrolled, the highest proportion among ranked schools at that stage. Three years after graduation they were earning the highest average salary at $179,000, about $30,000 more than the next highest earners — alumni from Olin Graduate School of Business at Babson College.
IE商学院的在线MBA持续吸引着高素质的学员。其半数校友在入读时为高管级别，为所有上榜学院中比例最高的。该学院的在线MBA学员在毕业3年后的平均年薪最高，为17.9万美元，比薪资排第二位的（巴布森学院(Babson College)奥林商学院(Olin Business School)）高出约3万美元。
IE’s alumni have the second-highest average salary increase following graduation, at 39 per cent. The school is ranked first for aims achieved and for international mobility. It is third for career progress. “There is a definite ‘before and after’ for career progression,” says one former student. “Post-MBA I felt I had more of a sense of direction not only of where I wanted to be, but also why, and how to make it happen.”
IE商学院校友在毕业后的薪资平均涨幅方面排在第二位，为39%。在实现目标以及国际流动性方面，该学院排名居首。在职业发展方面，排名第三。“在职业发展方面，攻读在线课程‘前后’确实是有差别的，”该学院的一名校友表示，“读完MBA后，我心中更有方向感了，不仅明白了自己想要达到什么目标，还有为何这么做以及如何达到目标。”
The same seven schools continue to dominate the top half of the ranking. AGSM at UNSW Business School of Australia entered the ranking for the first time in eighth position.
排行榜上前7所院校还是老面孔。澳大利亚新南威尔士大学商学院(UNSW Business School of Australia)澳大利亚管理研究生院(AGSM)首次上榜，排在第八位。
A minimum of 70 per cent of the con-tent must be delivered online in order for programmes to be eligible for the online ranking. Nine out of the 15 ranked schools had no requirement to study on campus at all. The remaining six schools insisted their students attend weekend or week-long residential classes.
作为参加英国《金融时报》在线MBA排名的一个条件，至少70%的课程内容须在线提供。在15所上榜院校中，有9所对校园学习不作任何要求。其余6所学院坚持让学员参加周末或为期一周的在校课程。
Schools relied on a wide range of technologies to ensure lively interactive delivery of their programmes including virtual classrooms, live sessions and multimedia teaching materials. Alumni were asked to rate delivery as well as indicate how effective online exams were. Results were encouraging. Schools appear to be getting better at online delivery. Every aspect of online delivery was rated higher than it had been in previous years, showing a greater level of satisfaction.
学校依赖于多种多样的技术，确保授课的活泼和互动性，包括虚拟课堂、直播授课以及多媒体教学资料。校友们被要求对授课质量进行评价，并说明在线考试的效果如何。结果令人鼓舞。在线授课质量似乎越来越好。在线授课所有方面的得分都比前几年高，这表明学员满意度提高。
“I was quite sceptical initially in doing an online course but the communication and online interaction were perfect,” says one graduate from AGSM.
澳大利亚管理研究生院的一名毕业生表示：“最初，我对攻读在线课程颇有疑虑，但沟通和在线互动非常棒。”
Overall, live and recorded content achieved equal scores overall of 8.8 out of 10, while online interaction and team-work were rated marginally lower.
总体来说，直播授课和录制内容均获得8.8分的高分（满分10分），在线互动和团队合作的评分略低。
Part of the appeal of online programmes lies in their flexibility, reach and slower pace of delivery than cam-pus-based MBAs. Apart from IE, which imposes an 18-month time limit, participants have on average about five years to complete their degrees.
在线课程的部分吸引力在于灵活性、覆盖范围以及授课进度比住读MBA慢。除了IE商学院（规定学习时间最长为18个月），学员平均可以用5年左右的时间来完成学位课程。
Having longer does not seem to make it easier, however. Proper time management is essential in order to maintain the momentum. “A couple of obligatory projects would help keep the pace and avoid a very intense last quarter,” commented one graduate from Warwick Business School. Overall, the graduates from the class of 2012 took slightly longer than 2.5 years to graduate.
然而，时间较长似乎并不代表学业较轻松。要保持学习劲头，合理的时间管理至关重要。英国华威商学院的一名毕业生谈到：“几个必修项目会帮助你跟上进度并避免在最后阶段非常紧张。”总的来说，2012级毕业生花了两年半多一点的时间完成学业。
Online programmes appeal more to senior professional students than those who take full-time programmes. Participants on online MBAs are aged 34 on average compared to 28 for full-time participants. Online students are also more likely to seek a promotion following the course with their existing employer. While the majority of full-time MBA graduates (90 per cent) worked for different companies three years after graduation, only about 55 per cent of online graduates did so.
在线项目比全日制课程更吸引作为高级专业人士的学员。在线MBA学员的平均年龄为34岁，而全日制MBA学员为28岁。此外，在线学员更有可能在课程结束后寻求在现有雇主那里获得升职。全日制MBA毕业生（90%）在毕业3年后多数都跳槽了，但只有约55%的在线毕业生会这样做。
They are also less likely to seek employment in a different sector after graduation. Only 30 per cent changed industry sector compared with nearly two-thirds of full-time MBA students.
此外，他们在毕业后改行的可能性更小。只有30%改行，而全日制MBA学员却有近三分之二改行。
One might expect that online programmes would appeal proportionately more to women than full-time programmes due to their flexibility. How-ever, data from the 2016 rankings show that women account for 30 per cent of enrolled students compared with 35 per cent for full-time programmes.
人们可能会认为，由于课程的灵活性，与全日制项目相比，在线MBA项目将更吸引女性。然而，2016年英国《金融时报》在线MBA排行榜的数据显示，女性占总学员数量的30%。在全日制项目中，女学员占到了35%。
London Business School has topped the European table for the third year running — but continental rivals lead the European schools in the individual rankings used to compile it.
伦敦商学院(LBS)连续三年蝉联欧洲商学院排行榜桂冠，但其在欧洲大陆的竞争对手在用于编制榜单的单项排名中领先。
The FT European Business School Ranking 2016 measures the quality and breadth of schools’ postgraduate programmes. It is based on their performance in the five main rankings published by the Financial Times each year: MBA, Executive MBA (EMBA), Masters in Management (MiM) and the two rankings for executive education. Only schools that take part in all five are eligible for a full score.
2016年英国《金融时报》欧洲商学院排行榜衡量商学院研究生课程的质量和广度。它基于相关商学院在英国《金融时报》每年发布的5项排行的表现：MBA、EMBA、管理硕士(MiM)和两项高管教育课程排行榜。只有参与所有这5项排名的商学院才有资格获得满分。
In this ranking of 90 European business schools, Insead in France leads the field for full-time and EMBA programmes, while the University of St Gallen in Switzerland is top for MiM. Iese of Spain and IMD of Switzerland were ranked number one for customised and open-enrolment executive education programmes respectively.
在上榜的90所欧洲商学院中，法国的欧洲工商管理学院(Insead)在全日制MBA课程和EMBA课程方面居首，瑞士圣加伦大学(St Gallen)的管理硕士课程排名第一。西班牙Iese商学院(Iese Business School)和瑞士洛桑国际管理发展学院(IMD)分别在定制和开放注册高管教育课程上夺魁。
London Business School (LBS) performed strongly across all five rankings. All of its programmes are in the European top 10, including its full-time MBAs, ranked second, and its joint EMBA programme (taught with Columbia Business School in the US) and customised executive education courses, both in fourth place.
伦敦商学院在所有这5项排名上表现强劲。其所有课程都跻身欧洲前十，包括全日制MBA课程排名第二，合办EMBA（与美国哥伦比亚商学院(Columbia Business School)合办）和定制高管教育课程均排名第四。
One of the main strengths of the LBS programmes is the wide range of students from different countries. More than 90 per cent in its 2015 MBA cohort were from overseas, coming from about 60 different countries.
伦敦商学院课程的一个主要优势是学员来自地域广泛的不同国家。其2015年MBA课程学员的90%来自海外，来自大约60个不同国家。
“LBS has a great student body, very diverse in terms of nationality, competitive and intelligent,” commented one American graduate from the class of 2012. “It also gave me the opportunity to study in the US [on exchange] without having to do a purely US-focused American MBA.”
“伦敦商学院拥有优秀的学员群体，国籍非常多样化，具有竞争力和聪明才智，”一位2012级的美国毕业学员评论道：“它也给了我无需参加单纯聚焦美国的美国MBA课程就能（通过交换）在美国学习的机会。”
Some 88 Chinese universities are included in the Global 400 subjects in the latest QS World University Rankings by Subject, which was released Tuesday by QS Quacquarelli Symonds, a higher education research firm.
本周二，高等教育研究机构Quacquarelli Symonds(QS)公布的最新《QS世界大学学科排名》显示，中国约有88所大学的学科进入全球400强。
This makes China the country with the second most number of universities included in the Global 400 Subjects, according to the QS rankings. This is only after the United States, which has 164 universities included in the Global 400 subjects. The UK comes third at 78 universities.
根据QS的这一排名，使得中国成为入选全球400强学校第二多的国家，仅次于有164所大学的学科入选全球400强的美国。英国排名第3，有78所大学进入榜单。
China's best performances by subject this year come from Tsinghua University, with three top-10 places, and Peking University, with two top-10 places. Tsinghua University finishes eighth in both Architecture/Built Environment and in Engineering (Civil and Structural). Tsinghua comes in 10th place in the world's Materials Science subject rankings.
清华大学是国内表现最好的大学，有三项学科的排名进入全球前10。北京大学则是有两项学科排名挤入前十。就清华大学而言，建筑/建成环境和土木/结构工程学均排名第8，材料科学排名第10。
This is the sixth edition of the QS World University Rankings by Subject, featuring a record-breaking 42 disciplines, making it the largest-ever ranking of the kind. The expert opinion of the world's top 76,798 academics and 44,426 employers informed the results, alongside the analysis of 28.5 million research papers and over 113 million citations sourced from the Scopus/Elsevier bibliometric database, said QS.
本次也是QS世界大学学科排名的第六版，以破纪录的42个学科使其成为有史以来规模最大的一次排名。QS机构表示，本次排名结果来自于全球最顶尖的76798名权威学术专家、44426家雇主的综合评价，以及对全球最大文摘数据库Scopus中2850万学术文献及1亿1300万引用数据的分析。
The secretive billionaire who launched a hostile takeover bid for China’s largest property developer has emerged as one of the country’s richest people, illustrating how leveraged financial investments are propelling huge increases in private wealth.
对中国最大房地产开发商发起敌意收购的神秘亿万富翁姚振华已成为中国最富有的人之一，这凸显出了杠杆金融投资正如何推动私人财富取得巨大增长。
According to the Hurun Report’s annual China Rich List, Yao Zhenhua’s net worth surged more than nine times to $17.2bn last year, making him the country’s fourth richest person. Last year he was ranked 204th.
2016年度的《胡润百富榜》显示，姚振华的净财富去年涨了逾8倍，至172亿美元，他也因此成为中国的第四大富豪。去年他的排名是第204位。
Wang Jianlin, the entertainment mogul behind a series of high-profile acquisitions in Hollywood, and internet tycoon Jack Ma retained their spots at the top of the list, with fortunes of $32.1bn and $30.6bn respectively.
在好莱坞完成一系列高调收购的娱乐业大亨王健林、以及互联网巨头马云(Jack Ma)分别以321亿美元和306亿美元的财富，保住了他们在榜单上的头名和次名位置。
Mr Yao, 46, is based in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen and first made his fortune in real estate. But it was his Baoneng Group’s foray into insurance and subsequent raid on Vanke, a cross-city property rival, that fuelled the estimated ninefold increase in his net worth in the space of a year.
46岁的姚振华以深圳为大本营，在房地产上赚取了第一桶金。但他的净财富之所以能在一年内增长约8倍，凭借的是他旗下的宝能集团(Baoneng Group)进军保险业和随后对房地产业竞争对手万科(Vanke)展开“突袭”。万科在中国多座城市拥有业务。
Baoneng is believed to have borrowed heavily to fund its share purchases in Vanke and is now the developer’s largest single shareholder with a 25 per cent stake.
据信，宝能借入了大笔资金来购买万科的股票。现在，它已是万科最大的股东，持股比例为25%。
“Yao represents the new wave of wealth creation by financial investments in China,” said Rupert Hoogewerf, who compiles the annual list.
《胡润百富榜》的编制者胡润（Rupert Hoogewerf，见文首图）表示：“姚振华代表了中国金融投资创造财富的新浪潮。”
Baoneng’s raid has been bitterly resisted by Wang Shi, Vanke’s founder who has sought out white knights in a so far successful effort to retain control of the management-led company. The takeover battle fuelled a surge both in the price of Vanke’s Shenzhen-traded shares and Mr Yao’s known worth.
宝能的“突袭”遭到了万科创始人王石的强烈抵制，后者寻找“白衣骑士”出手相助，迄今为止成功地保住了对这家由管理层主导的企业的控制权。这场收购大战既推动万科在深圳股市的股价大涨，又大幅推升了姚振华的已知财富。
It is not unusual for the documented wealth of China’s richest people to surge suddenly — or even for previously unknown tycoons to burst into prominence — as stock exchange listings and other public investments thrust them into the spotlight.
中国富豪的账面财富突然暴涨，乃至此前不为人知的大亨一跃成名，都不是什么稀罕事，在股市上市和其他公开投资会将他们一下子推到聚光灯下。
“We miss a heck of a lot of people,” Mr Hoogewerf told the Financial Times. “I was in Beijing two weeks ago and visited this investment company. In the space of one afternoon I discovered 30 people who went on to our rich list this year. Last year they were under our radar.”
“还有大批人没有统计进来，”胡润对英国《金融时报》表示，“两周前我在北京拜访了这家投资公司。一下午的时间，我就发掘出了30个登上今年富豪榜的人。他们去年还不在我们的视线内。”
Hurun’s China Rich List, which tracks more than 2,000 private entrepreneurs with a net worth of $300m or higher, added 179 names to its roster this year.
《胡润百富榜》追踪逾2000名净财富在3亿美元或以上的民营企业家，今年的榜单新增了179位富豪。
Hurun estimates that there are now 594 US dollar billionaires in China and another 94 in Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau, compared with 535 in the US.
胡润估计，中国内地目前有594位身家十亿美元以上的富豪，在香港、台湾和澳门还有94位，而美国仅有535位。
Despite the surge of private wealth in China, the country’s billionaires have not yet cracked the top ranks of global rich lists. Hurun estimates that Mr Wang, China’s richest man and head of the Wanda group, ranks 26th globally.
尽管中国的私人财富大幅增长，但中国的亿万富豪仍未跻身全球顶级富豪行列。胡润估计，中国首富、万达集团(Wanda Group)掌门人王健林在全球富豪中排名第26位。
Mr Hoogewerf said that Mr Wang delisted his group’s property arm from the Hong Kong stock exchange this year in the hope of realising a richer valuation for it on the Shanghai or Shenzhen bourse.
胡润表示，王健林今年已将集团旗下的地产公司从港交所退市，希望该公司能在上海或深圳交易所实现更高的估值。
If successful, Hurun estimates that Mr Wang’s net worth could soar past $50bn, making him one of the world’s 10 richest men.
胡润估计，如果此举获得成功，王健林的净财富可能会猛增至逾500亿美元，令他跻身世界前十大富豪之列。
The number of initial public offerings (IPO) and the amount of funds raised in the Chinese mainland's A-share market fell sharply year-on-year during the first half of 2016, according to statistics released by PwC last Monday.
普华永道上周一发布的数据显示，2016年上半年中国内地A股首次公开募股(IPO)数量和融资金额同比均出现了大幅下滑。
A total of 61 IPOs were launched on the Shanghai and Shenzhen stock exchanges, down 67 percent on the same period last year. About 28.8 billion yuan (4.3 billion U.S.dollars) was raised, down by 80 percent.
上海交易所和深圳交易所总共完成了61宗IPO交易，较2015年同期分别下滑了67%。融资总额288亿元人民币，较2015年同期分别下滑了80%。
The Shanghai Stock Exchange saw 26 IPOs, while its Shenzhen counterpart saw 15 IPOs of small-and-medium-sized enterprises and 20 start-up companies.
其中，上海交易所IPO共计26宗，而深圳中小企业板IPO共计15宗，创业板IPO共计20宗。
Fluctuations of the markets led to a tightening of IPO approval to maintain stability, according to Frank Lyn, PwC China's mainland and Hong Kong Markets Leaders.
普华永道中国内地及香港市场负责人林怡仲表示，市场的波动导致了新股审批的节奏的加紧，从而维持资本市场的稳定。
The tightening drove some enterprises seek other financing options such as bonds or listing on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations (NEEQ).
紧缩政策促使一些企业寻求其他融资方案，比如债券或在全国中小企业股份转让系统上市。
The second half of this year should see a similar number of IPOs, making a total of about 120 cases in 2016 with about 60 billion to 80 billion yuan in financing volume, Lyn predicted.
林怡仲预测道，下半年A股IPO的数量或将维持与上半年相当，预计2016年全年A股IPO为120宗左右，融资规模在600-800亿元人民币左右。
Chinese insurers saw their profits implode in the first six months of 2016.
中国保险企业2016年上半年利润出现大幅下滑。
Profits fell by 54 per cent year-on-year to Rmb105.6bn ($15.9bn) during the period, a drop of Rmb124.4bn, according to figures published by the China Insurance Regulatory Commission.
据中国保监会(Insurance Regulatory Commission)公布数字，上半年利润总额1055.86亿元人民币（合159亿美元），同比减少1241.99亿元人民币，下降54.05%。
Profit at property insurers fell 43.39 per cent year-on-year to Rmb33.7bn. For life insurance firms it dropped 65.6 per cent to Rmb54.2bn, while for reinsurers it fell 58.8 per cent to Rmb4.4bn.
产险公司利润同比下降43.49%，至336.57亿元人民币。寿险公司利润下降65.60%，至541.84亿元人民币，再保险公司利润下降58.79%，至30.68亿元人民币。
Only asset management firms saw profits rise, up 16.7 per cent year-on-year to Rmb3.7bn.
只有资产管理公司利润出现上升，同比增长16.64%，至37.17亿元人民币。
The regulator said that “faced with a complex and volatile market environment,” funds had realised gains of only Rmb294.5bn in the first half, a drop of 42.3 per cent.
中国保监会表示“面临复杂多变的市场环境”，上半年实现资金运用收益仅2944.82亿元人民币，下降42.32%。
Those falls came despite a rise in insurance premium income of 37.3 per cent year-on-year to Rmb1.88tn, while total assets reached Rmb14.27tn, up 15.4 per cent.
虽然出现上述下跌，但保费收入同比增长37.3%，至1.88万亿元人民币，保险业资产总量达到14.27万亿元人民币，增长了15.42%。
Staff numbers at insurance agencies also rose by 936,200 to a total of more than 5.6m people.
保险代理人员也增加了93.62万人，总人数逾560万人。
In the heart of Wan Chai, on one of Hong Kong’s busiest streets, stands a 33-storey office tower that earlier this year became the second most expensive property to change hands in a city that boasts the world’s costliest property market.
在香港最繁忙地带之一湾仔(Wan Chai)的中心，坐落着一幢30多层的写字楼。今年早些时候，这幢大楼的易手使其成为世界最贵楼市香港的第二贵地产项目。
China Everbright, the financial conglomerate that bought the Dah Sing Financial Centre for HK$10bn ($1.29bn), is just one of a number of mainland Chinese companies to have splashed out on headquarters in the city over the past year.
以100亿港元（合12.9亿美元）购入大新金融中心(Dah Sing Financial Centre)的中国光大控股(China Everbright)，只是过去一年里在香港大举购置总部大楼的众多内地企业之一。
Banks, asset managers and insurance companies have flocked from mainland China to acquire prime Hong Kong office buildings, prompting the territory’s government to announce it will release more land for commercial redevelopment in the oversubscribed heart of the city.
银行、基金公司和保险公司从内地涌向香港，收购这里的高端写字楼，导致香港政府宣布将释放更多土地，在火爆的城市中心地段进行商业再开发。
But as economic growth slows in China, institutional investors from further afield say the city’s property market has overheated and is entering a correctional phase.
但是，海外机构投资者表示，随着中国经济增长放慢，香港房地产市场已经过热，正在进入调整阶段。
“For years we had Chinese growth going gangbusters and US rates going down,” says Josh Crabb, head of Asian equities at Old Mutual Global Investors, the asset management arm of Old Mutual, the insurer. “But transaction volumes have dried up quite significantly, so we are not really sure what the prices are. That looks like a tough fundamental outlook.”
“多年以来，我们看到中国增长势如破竹，而美国增长率却在下降，”保险商耆卫(Old Mutual)旗下资产管理公司Old Mutual Global Investors的亚洲股票业务主管乔希?克拉布(Josh Crabb)说，“但是，交易量下降得相当厉害，所以我们并不真的确定当前价格到底如何。看起来，香港市场的基本面展望非常严峻。”
According to government sources, property sales in Hong Kong fell almost 40 per cent in the first half of the year compared with the same period in 2015 — both in terms of price and volume. An index from the Rating and Valuation Department released this month showed the commercial sector was a particular casualty, with prices falling 5.7 per cent in May compared with the same month last year.
政府部门的数据显示，无论在销售额和销售量上看，今年上半年香港房地产销售较去年同期下降了近40%。香港差饷物业估价署(Rating and Valuation Department)本月发布的一项指数表明，商业地产受到的冲击尤为严重，今年5月价格较去年同期下降了5.7%。
Mr Crabb has taken no exposure to Hong Kong’s property market since setting up in Asia 18 months ago, because he says prices are too high and affordability too low.
自从18个月前在亚洲设立业务以来，克拉布一直没有涉足香港房地产市场，因为他表示，价格太高了，可担负性太差。
Dirk Philippa, portfolio manager of Fidelity International’s global property fund, has also cut investments in Hong Kong from a 6-8 per cent overweight two years ago, relative to benchmarks, to a 1 per cent overweight position.
富达国际(Fidelity International)旗下全球地产基金的投资组合经理德克?菲利帕(Dirk Philippa)也削减了在香港的投资，把配置比重从两年前相对基准超配6%至8%调整至超配1%。
“It is an area where clearly the fundamentals are slowing down,” he says. “I sold down a little bit, then the whole correction happened very quickly, so I waited for a rebound and sold there.”
“在香港地区，房地产的基本面明显放慢下来，”他说，“我减持了一点儿，然后很快发生了全面调整，所以我等到反弹后，卖出了一部分。”
Property prices in Hong Kong have surged over the past decade, but hit a peak in September when jitters about China’s economy took hold.
香港房地产价格过去十年大幅上涨，但在去年9月见顶，那时中国经济引发的紧张占据了主导。
Rents at the top end of the market have fallen 6.4 per cent, more sharply than in any other city except Nairobi, according to Knight Frank, the property company. Last year, just after prices fell in September, Adidas, the sportswear group, leased a 13,000 square foot shop in the city for 22 per cent less than its former occupier, Coach, the accessories brand.
房地产经纪公司莱坊(Knight Frank)的数据显示，今年第一季度，香港豪宅租金同比下跌5.2%，跌幅超过内罗毕以外的任何其他城市。就在去年9月价格下跌之后，运动品牌阿迪达斯(Adidas)在香港租入了一间1.3万平方英尺的店铺，租金相比上一个租户、配饰品牌蔻驰(Coach)低了22%。
Economists say that both the residential and commercial markets in Hong Kong will be hurt by the same factors: slower growth in China, the depreciation of the renminbi, a crackdown on corruption on the mainland, and predictions that the US’s low interest-rate environment is due to end. However, government cooling measures introduced in 2012 to reduce speculative investment in Hong Kong property are an additional damper on the residential sector.
经济学家表示，香港住宅市场和商业地产市场都将受到一些相同因素的损害：中国增长放缓、人民币贬值、中国内地反腐以及美国低利率环境将走向终结的预期。然而，住宅市场的发展还受到一个额外因素的阻碍，即2012年政府为减少香港房地产市场上的投机活动而出台的“降温”措施。
“Cooling measures [are] the most important issue affecting the [residential] property market in Hong Kong,” says Thomas Lam, head of valuation at Knight Frank. “That is why all the major institutional plans are looking at the office market in the past two or three years.”
“‘降温’措施（是）影响香港（住宅）地产市场的最重要问题，”莱坊估价主管林浩文(Thomas Lam)说，“这正是过去两三年里所有大型机构的方案都在关注写字楼市场的原因。”
Mr Lam predicts that any recovery in the market will rely on appetite from cash-rich companies from mainland China, with foreign investors restricting their investments to real estate investment trusts or stocks exposed to developers, rather than actual property.
林浩文预测称，市场的任何复苏都将倚赖来自资金充沛的内地公司的需求，同时外国投资者将仅限于投资于房地产投资信托或者涉及地产开发商的股票，而不会真的买入房产。
Structural challenges in the market, which is dominated by large property developers, have generally acted as disincentives to large European and US asset managers.
在这个被大型地产开发商主宰的市场，结构性挑战通常成为抑制欧美大型资产管理公司的因素。
Erle Spratt, who manages M&G’s Asia property fund, an open-ended investment vehicle, says it is risky to invest directly because assets are not easy to find and price. “It is a very difficult market to buy assets in for investors like us, because developers have very substantial holdings and they tend not to sell,” he says.
执掌M&G旗下亚洲地产基金（一种开放式投资工具）的厄尔?斯普拉特(Erle Spratt)说，直接投资房产存在风险，因为这样的资产很难物色和定价。“这是一个像我们这样的投资者很难买到房产的市场，因为开发商持有大量房产，他们通常不卖，”他说。
But John Davies, head of institutional investment in the Hong Kong team at CBRE, the property services business, says that lower prices should make the market more reliable. “The market is showing characteristics of a mature market, which institutional investors understand better,” he says.
但是，房地产经纪公司世邦魏理仕(CBRE)香港机构投资团队主管约翰?戴维斯(John Davies)说，价格下降应会让香港房地产市场变得更加可靠。“这个市场正在显示出机构投资者更了解的成熟市场的特征，”他说。
William Leung, portfolio manager at Cohen & Steers, the US investment house with $4bn of assets exposed to Asia, agrees. He argues that speculative investment will be driven out of the market as prices fall. He adds that a trend in the industry towards alternative investments should mean that the price of real estate investment trusts rises even if the value of underlying assets grow more slowly. “We don’t think this correction will be so sharp,” he says.
持有40亿美元亚洲相关资产的美国投资机构Cohen & Steers的基金经理梁纬濂(William Leung)认同这一点。他主张，随着价格下跌，投机性投资将被驱逐出市场。他补充称，行业中另类投资热度上升的趋势应当意味着，即便基础资产的价值上涨得更慢，房地产投资信托的价格也会上升。“我们认为，这次调整的幅度将不会太大，”他说。
For now, occasional high-ticket deals such as the Dah Sing Financial Centre and the purchase of a HK$2.1bn luxury house on the affluent Peak, come amid wider pessimism about the sector. The office sector showed the most activity in the first quarter this year, but this still translated into only eight deals in total, according to CBRE.
就目前而言，虽然偶尔出现一些高价交易（比如大新金融中心、以21亿港元售出的太平山顶豪宅），但整个行业弥漫着广泛的悲观情绪。世邦魏理仕数据显示，今年第一季度房地产业最活跃的部分是写字楼，但交易总量也不过8笔。
Coca-Cola cut its sales forecast for this year as it struggles with a consumer slowdown in China, sending the drinks group’s shares down more than 3 per cent.
可口可乐(Coca-Cola)下调了今年的销售预测，该公司正艰难应对中国消费放缓，这导致该饮料集团股价下跌逾3%。
The Atlanta-based group expects sales, adjusted for acquisitions, divestitures and currency fluctuations, to rise 3 per cent, compared with its earlier forecast of between 4 per cent and 5 per cent.
这家总部位于亚特兰大的集团预测，经并购、资产剥离和汇率波动调整，今年销售额将增长3%，而之前的预期为4%至5%。
Coca-Cola said that the consumer slowdown in China had hit sales, and weaker demand was forcing it to drive down inventory.
可口可乐表示，中国消费放缓打击了销售额，而较为疲弱的需求正迫使其降低库存。
“We have not really assumed China will get better in the rest of the year,” said James Quincey, Coca-Cola’s chief operating officer. He said juice sales fell double digits in the second quarter in the country and Coca-Cola drinks dropped single digits.
可口可乐首席运营官詹姆斯?昆西(James Quincey)表示：“我们并未真的假设今年余下时期中国的形势会好转。”他表示，今年第二季度该公司在华果汁销售额降幅达到两位数，可口可乐饮料销售额降幅为个位数。
“The consumer will take a little more time to come back which is why we’re focusing on a game plan we know that works, focusing on affordability and premium [drinks] in metro areas,” he said, adding that he is confident that the company can continue to gain share in the country and is set up for when consumer spending picks up again.
他表示：“消费者将需要更多时间回归，这就是为什么我们聚焦于一项我们知道会奏效的方案，专注于价格可承受能力和城市地区的高端（饮料）。”他补充称，他相信，该公司将继续在中国扩大市场份额，同时正为消费者支出再次提速做好准备。
Coca-Cola is in the middle of transforming its business as it sells off its bottling operations in the US and across the globe to focus on producing the concentrate that makes many of its drinks as well as research and development. Those sales will allow the company to focus more of its resources on innovation and acquisitions.
可口可乐正在改组其业务，出售其在美国以及全球的瓶装业务，转而专注于生产其很多饮料使用的浓缩汁，以及研发。这些资产出售将让该公司将更多资源投入创新和收购。
Investors in emerging markets need no reminder of the importance for EM assets of the US Federal Reserve — or do they?
新兴市场投资者不需要被提醒美联储(Fed)对新兴市场资产的重要性——不是吗？
In a working paper published on Tuesday, Robin Koepke, economist at the Institute of International Finance, an industry group, argues that investors, EM policymakers and the Fed itself have neglected the role of US interest rates in provoking currency, banking and debt crises in the emerging world.
在周二发布的一份研究报告中，行业组织国际金融协会(Institute of International Finance)经济学家罗宾?克普克(Robin Koepke)表示，投资者、新兴市场政策制定者以及美联储自身都忽视了美国利率在引发新兴国家汇率、银行及债务危机方面的作用。
It is a timely warning. His findings, he writes, “point to a heightened risk of emerging market crises in the coming years as the Fed continues to normalise interest rates”.
这是一次及时的预警。他写道，自己的研究结果“表明，随着美联储继续实施利率正常化，未来几年新兴市场爆发危机的风险将加剧。”
Many analysts may be surprised at the suggestion that they have underplayed the Fed. The two factors most often cited in relation to EM assets these days are the Fed and China, and the risk that they will deliver a negative shock.
许多分析师或许会对有关他们低估美联储的说法感到愕然。如今人们在谈论新兴市场资产时，最常提到的两个相关因素就是美联储和中国，以及它们将来造成负面冲击的风险。
Mr Koepke argues, however, that the role of US interest rates in provoking EM crises has not been fully understood. He presents evidence that the probability of EM crises is substantially higher during a conjunction of three conditions: during a Fed tightening cycle, when the federal funds rate is above its natural rate (the rate that leads actual output to converge to potential output), and when market participants are surprised by signals that the Fed will tighten policy faster than previously expected.
然而，克普克认为，美国利率在引发新兴市场危机方面的作用未被充分认识。他提供的证据表明，如果以下三种情况同时出现的话——处于美联储紧缩周期，联邦基金利率高于自然利率（导致实际产出趋近潜在产出的利率），以及美联储将比先前预期更快收紧政策的信号让市场参与者感到惊讶——新兴市场爆发危机的几率会大大增加。
Under these conditions, he argues, the Fed cannot only trigger crises itself; it can also increase the vulnerability of EMs to crises provoked by other factors.
克普克表示，在这些情况下，美联储不但能引发危机，还会增加新兴市场因其他因素引发危机的脆弱性。
None of these conditions is in place now. Fed tightening, begun in December, has been put on hold. The federal funds rate (the interbank overnight lending rate) is estimated to be more than a percentage point below its natural level. And there have been no surprises from the Fed. Last December’s 25 basis point rise in the Fed’s policy rate, for example, was comprehensively signalled in advance.
这些情况眼下一个都不存在。去年12月开始的美联储政策紧缩已经暂停。联邦基金利率（银行间隔夜拆借利率）估计低于自然利率逾一个百分点。美联储一直未作出意外之举。例如，美联储去年12月将政策利率提升25个基点之前发出了大量信号。
Mr Koepke’s point is that these conditions may change and that their significance is underestimated.
克普克认为，这些情况或将发生变化，而它们的意义被低估了。
Typically, he writes, analysts “see the root cause of emerging markets’ susceptibility to crises in weak institutions that make countries vulnerable to economic and financial instability.”
克普克写道，分析师们常常“认为新兴市场危机易发性的根源在于制度薄弱，这使得这些国家易受经济、金融不稳定的影响。”
He argues, however, that “US monetary policy is often just as important as domestic factors in explaining the incidence of EM crises, if not more important.”
然而，他认为，“在解释新兴市场危机的发生率时，美国的货币政策往往与新兴市场国内因素同样重要——如果不是更重要的话。”
The first chart shows the total incidence of banking, currency and debt default crises in emerging markets since the 1970s, set against the nominal federal funds rate. Mr Koepke gives this as evidence that high and rising rates typically precede periods of EM crisis.
图表一显示的是上世纪70年代以来新兴市场银行、汇率及债务违约危机的发生次数——对照名义联邦基金利率。克普克以此为据，试图证明高位且不断上升的利率通常在新兴市场危机爆发周期之前出现。
The second chart shows the real federal funds rate (ie discounting for inflation) and the real natural rate. Again, when the federal funds rate is above its natural rate, EM crises are more common.
图表二显示的是实际联邦基金利率（计入通胀因素后）和实际自然利率。可以再次看到，当联邦基金利率高于自然利率时，新兴市场危机更为常见。
High and rising US rates may quickly become drivers of EM crises: such conditions may lead to higher borrowing costs in EMs, along with capital outflows and an unwillingness by the financial sector to take risks.
高位且不断上升的美国利率可能很快成为新兴市场危机的驱动因素：此类条件可能导致新兴市场借贷成本升高，还有资本外流以及金融部门冒险意愿下降。
The potential impact of any surprise move in Fed policy was clear in the “taper tantrum” of 2013, when just the suggestion that the Fed might soon rein in its ultra-loose monetary policies was enough to provoke a wave of global panic.
美联储政策中任何意外举动的潜在影响，在2013年的“缩减恐慌”(taper tantrum)中表露无遗，当时，仅是美联储可能很快缩减其超宽松货币政策力度的暗示就足以引发一波全球恐慌。
All three factors, says Mr Koepke, were at work in the Mexican currency crisis of 1994-95, when the Fed embarked on a tightening cycle in jumps of 25, 50 and crucially, in November 1994, of 75 basis points.
克普克表示，就1994-95年墨西哥汇率危机而言，三个因素都起了作用，当时美联储开始以25、50甚至75个基点（1994年11月）的加息幅度进入紧缩周期。
“The Fed was much more aggressive than expected,” Mr Koepke says. “Taking markets by surprise was clearly not the way to go.” (This was before the Fed began making regular public statements after its monetary policy meetings.)
“美联储比外界所预期的更加咄咄逼人，”克普克表示，“让市场感到意外显然并非上策。”（那时美联储尚未建立在货币政策会议后发布公开声明的制度。）
By the time of the Asian crisis of 1997-98, he says, the Fed had become more responsive and pulled back from its tightening cycle on concern that the turmoil in Southeast Asia would affect the US economy.
他说，到1997-98年亚洲金融危机爆发时，美联储的回应已变得更加迅速，它退出了紧缩周期，担心东南亚的动荡会影响美国经济。
What dangers does the Fed present to EMs today? One of the biggest risks, says Mr Koepke, is that it might “get behind the curve” and delay raising rates for too long. This would result not only in a surprisingly big hike when it came, but also a higher terminal interest rate than would otherwise be the case.
美联储给当下的新兴市场带来了何种风险？克普克表示，最大的风险之一是，它可能“落在曲线后面”，延误加息太久。相比正确路径，这将导致最终的加息幅度大得出乎意料，最终的利率绝对水平也更高。
“People are used to the Fed saying it will tighten but, in the end, with volatility or other risks on the horizon, policymakers take it back and it’s a case of if in doubt, stay on hold,” Mr Koepke says.
“人们已习惯于这样的套路：美联储称要进行紧缩，结果当市场波动或其他风险浮出水面时，政策制定者便收回紧缩言论，呈现出‘如有疑问，按兵不动’的规律，”克普克说。
But with the US close to full employment and inflation moving up towards the target, “you can see how tighter policy would be warranted,” he says. “It wouldn’t take a whole lot to shift the equation.”
但随着美国接近实现充分就业，随着通胀向目标水平趋近，“你可以看到收紧政策是有道理的，”他说，“不需要很多就足以改变整个平衡”。
In the apparent belief that “lower for longer” now means “lower forever”, investors have been piling into EM assets in recent weeks.
显然相信“更长时间保持较低位”如今意味着“永远保持较低位”的投资者，最近几周已经涌向新兴市场资产。
Mr Koepke warns that this could easily be upset by the Fed.
克普克警告，这一势头很容易被美联储扰乱。
“Even though there is significant awareness [of the role of Fed policy], market dynamics can become unstable or unfavourable relatively easily,” he says. “Then you get into a self-reinforcing cycle of selling pressure.”
“即便人们充分了解了（美联储政策的作用），市场动态也可能相对容易地变得不稳定或不利，”他说，“届时你将陷入一个卖盘压力自我强化的循环。”
China has overtaken the United States to become Germany's top trading market in 2016 for the first time, according to data collected by the Association of German Chambers of Commerce and Industry (DIHK).
据德国工商总会的统计数据显示，中国于2016年超越美国，首次成为德国的最大贸易市场。
The U.S. has fallen to become Germany's third largest trading partner in 2016.
美国则在2016年下降为德国的第三大贸易伙伴。
France continues to hold the position as Germany's second largest trading partner in 2016, according to data from DIHK.
据德国工商总会的数据显示，法国在2016年继续保持德国第二大贸易伙伴的地位。
DIHK's foreign business chief Volker Treier said the volume of goods exported to China from Germany grew rapidly in the latter part of 2016, Chinanews.com reported.
据中新网报道，德国工商总会外贸主管沃尔克·特赖尔表示，2016年下半年从德国出口到中国的货物量增长非常迅速。
The total foreign trade volume between China and Germany reached 999.1 billion yuan (USD about 145.3 billion) in 2016, with a year-on-year growth of 2.6 percent, according to statistics released by China's General Administration of Customs.
据中国海关总署公布的统计数据显示，2016年中德外贸总额达到了9991亿元人民币（约合1453亿美元），同比2015年增长了2.6个百分点。
Before becoming Germany's top trading partner, China was Germany's largest trading market in Asia. Germany has been China's top trading partner in the European Union for the last 2 years.
在成为德国最大贸易伙伴之前，中国是德国在亚洲的最大贸易市场。在过去两年里，德国一直是中国在欧洲最大的贸易伙伴。
China's 2016 office box sales are expected to exceed the 2015 total of 44 billion yuan (6.8 billion U.S. dollars), the country's film watchdog said.
据中国电影监察机构日前表示，2016年中国票房总额有望超过2015年的440亿元人民币（折合68亿美元）。
Box office sales in the world's second largest film market have posted average growth of 35 percent year on year since 2003. In 2015 alone, it grew a whopping 48.7 percent, according to the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television (SARFT).
据国家新闻出版广电总局介绍，自2003年以来，中国这一世界第二大电影市场的票房总额平均逐年增长35%。仅仅在2015年，这一数字就猛增了48.7%。
The regulator said that although this year's growth will be slightly lower than 35 percent due to the Chinese currency's depreciation, the film market will still see robust growth.
此外，广电总局还透露，虽然今年的票房增长受人民币贬值影响要稍低于35%，但是电影市场增长势头依旧强劲。
The country's film output ranks third in the global market and is expected to exceed 700 by the end of 2016. Sales of film rights to online video sites raked in 4 billion yuan (560 million U.S. dollars) in the same period.
中国的电影产出量在全球市场上排行第三，有望到2016年年底突破700部。同期，出售给网络视频网站的电影版权达到了近40亿元人民币（5.6亿美元）。
China's box office sales have increased from 1 billion yuan to 40 billion yuan in the past decade as the industry has adopted more market-oriented reform measures.
由于电影业采取了更为市场化的改革措施，中国的票房总额在过去几十年里从10亿元人民币增长到了400亿元人民币。
By 2020, annual box office sales are expected to reach 100 billion yuan, according to industry estimates.
据行业估计，到2020年，我国年度票房有望达到1000亿元人民币。
China has 731 million Internet users as of December 2016, roughly the size of Europe's population, according to a report released by the China Internet Network Information Center (CNNIC).
据中国互联网络信息中心发布的一份报告显示，截止2016年12月，中国网民数量已经达到了7.31亿人，这一数字差不多相当于整个欧洲的全部人口。
The number of Web users grew by 42.99 million in 2016, or 6.2 percent from the previous year, accounting for 53.2 percent of China's total population, the report said.
报告指出，2016年中国网民数量增加了4299万人，同比去年增长6.2个百分点，而网民总人数占到了中国总人口的53.2%。
Li Yi, a Shanghai-based independent IT expert, told the Global Times the surge in the number of smartphones was the primary reason for the growth in Net users.
上海独立IT专家李亦在接受《环球时报》采访时表示，智能手机数量激增是网民数量增长的主要原因。
Some 695 million netizens used mobile phones to access the Internet in 2016, with a growth rate exceeding 10 percent for the third straight year, the report said. Smartphone-based Internet use accounted for 95.1 percent of all Internet users, up from 90.1 percent in 2015.
报告称，2016年共有6.95亿网民使用手机上网，增长率已经连续第三年超过10%。在所有网民中，用智能手机上网的人占比达到了95.1%，而2015年时这一比例还只有90.1%。
The report noted that 201 million people or 27 percent of Internet users were from rural areas, or a gap of 45.2 percent in the Internet penetration rate between urban and rural areas.
报告还指出，其中2.01亿（27%）网民来自农村地区，城市和农村地区互联网普及率差距为45.2%。
"Poverty has stunted further growth in Internet users, which has kept the Net user population to around 50 percent," Li said.
李亦表示：“贫困阻碍了网民数量的进一步增加，使得网民数量占全部人口的比例只在50%左右。”
Meanwhile, domestic Internet users have formed a mobile payment habit, with the number of users making payments through smartphones skyrocketing to 469 million last year, up by 31.2 percent from the previous year.
与此同时，国内互联网用户已经养成了手机支付的习惯，去年用手机支付的用户数量飙升到了4.69亿，同比前一年增长了31.2%。
New year’s events can be anticlimactic. Not so in China where stock markets began 2016 with enough excitement to make traders choke on their bubbles: Shanghai stocks dropped 7 per cent on Monday, Shenzhen more than 8 per cent. It could have been worse. A new mechanism that suspends trading after a drop of 7 per cent halted play early — in this instance, by an hour and a half.
新年可能平淡开场。但在中国不是这样，2016年中国股市的开局相当刺激，交易员们简直要窒息在泡沫中：周一沪市下跌7%，深市跌幅超过了8%。情况本来可能会更糟糕。一项在沪深300指数下跌7%时暂停交易的新机制让这场大戏提早落幕——就这次的情况而言，是提早了一个半小时。
There are no such circuit breakers in Hong Kong where the H-share index of mainland equities fell less than 4 per cent on unremarkable volumes. One might have expected more of a bloodletting. Mainland retail investors participate in both markets — a function both of Stock Connect and a leaky system — and if you can’t sell what you would like, you sell what you can. Foreign H-share investors too might be presumed sellers, having been the most bearish on China’s economy. Yet yesterday, even as Shanghai opened down a further 3 per cent (before rebounding), Hong Kong’s H shares remained resilient.
香港没有这样的熔断机制，由中国内地企业股票组成的H股指数（香港恒生中国企业指数(HSCEI)）周一下跌不到4%，成交量也只是寻常。人们原本可能以为会更加惨烈。中国内地的散户投资者既可进入内地股市，也可进入香港股市——通过沪港通(Stock Connect)和一个有漏洞的体系——而且，如果你无法卖出你想卖的，你就卖你能卖的。一直最不看好中国经济的H股境外投资者也可能被认为是卖方。然而，尽管沪市周二开盘进一步下跌3%（之后出现反弹），香港的H股却依然保持坚挺。
The clue may be in the price: the H-share index is cheap. On seven times 2016 earnings, it trades at a lower multiple than Spain (with 22 per cent unemployment), Brazil (dependent upon commodities and thus China), and both Turkey and Egypt, affected by Middle Eastern turmoil.
线索可能隐藏在价格之中：H股很便宜。H股指数市盈率为7倍，低于西班牙（该国失业率达到22%）、巴西（该国依赖大宗商品，因而也依赖中国）以及受中东乱局影响的土耳其和埃及。
Shanghai, by comparison, trades on 12.6 times earnings. This reflects a wide (37 per cent) spread between the Shanghai’s A shares and the H-share equivalents. Before the ups and downs of 2015 it was more usually below 20 per cent, hinting at significant upside to the H-share index. True, it does not represent the best of China’s “new economy”, being heavily skewed towards banks in particular. Growth forecasts are moribund. Yet with expectations already so dire, it is hard to see how they can worsen. Even property — beset with overcapacity — has been pulling out of its slump.
相比之下，沪股市盈率为12.6倍。这反映出A股和H股的巨大价差（37%）。在经历2015年的跌宕起伏之前，二者价差更多时候处于20%以下——暗示H股指数大有上行空间。诚然，H股指数并不代表中国“新经济”中最好的部分，特别是银行股占比偏大。增长预测十分惨淡。然而，在预期已经如此糟糕的情况下，很难想象还能坏得哪里去。即使是受产能过剩困扰的地产业也在逐渐走出低迷。
Price is not everything, it is true. But even the bears would agree: everything has a price.
的确，价格不是一切。但即使是看空者也同意：一切都有价格。
China's Booming Cyberstar Economy Might Hit $8.7b in 2016
2016年中国迅猛发展的网红经济可能会达到87亿美元
China's Internet celebrities are estimated to create a whopping 58 billion yuan ($8.7 billion) market in 2016, far surpassing the 44 billion yuan in box office sales generated last year, according to an industry report.
据一家行业报道，中国的网红预计能在2016年创造出高达580亿元（87亿美元）的市场，远超去年的440亿元的票房。
The report by iResearch Consulting Group and Sina Weibo, China's most popular microblogging platform, was released at a forum in Shanghai, co-organized by Weibo and telecom giant Huawei .
艾瑞咨询集团和中国最火的微博平台——新浪微博在上海的一个论坛上发布了该报道。该论坛由微博和通信巨头华为联合举办。
The top 10 Weibo celebrities now have a combined 40 million followers. One of the most famous online figures, Papi Jiang, already signed a contract for video ads worth a staggering $3.4 million.
目前，微博上最红的10位网红共有4000万名粉丝。Papi酱是目前最火的网红之一，她已经签署了一份合同，视频广告费用达到了惊人的340万美元。
Among 36,000 who have reached celebrity status on the Internet, 74 percent are women and 87.8 percent are between 17 to 33 years old, while 89 percent have a college education. Followers are also getting younger and better educated, with 77.8 percent in the 17-to-33 age group and 75 percent with a higher education.
在36,000位认证网红中，74%是女性，87.8%网红的年龄在17-33岁之间，且89%的人有大学文凭。粉丝也越来越年轻，受教育程度也越来越高，77.8%粉丝的年龄在17-33岁之间，75%的人受过高等教育。
The report also showed regions with a better-developed economy produce more cyberstars, with Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong, Jiangsu and Zhejiang leading the rankings.
该报道还指出经济更加发达的地区会有更多的网红，北京、上海、广东、江苏和浙江都位列前茅。
China's booming cyberstar economy has gone through three stages -- the first based on text, then text and images, and now video thanks to the availability of broadband networks.
中国迅猛发展的网红经济历经了3个阶段——第一阶段基于语言文字，第二阶段是文字加图片，现在由于宽带网络的可获得性，第三阶段就是视频。
Social networking platforms, including Weibo and mobile app WeChat, proved to be the best tools for cyberstars to magnify the power of communication, making it possible to create an industry that combines advertisements, e-commerce and fans.
社交网络平台，包括微博和手机应用微信，被证明是网红扩大交流的最好工具，使其可以创造出一种囊括广告、电子商务和粉丝的行业。
Agents and investment institutions are now flooding the sector, causing additional changes to the platforms in the world's second-largest economy, the report said.
报道称，代理商和投资机构正纷纷涌入该行业，对世界上第二大经济体的平台造成了额外改变。
译文属可可原创，仅供学习交流使用，未经许可请勿转载
As if 2016 hadn’t been hard enough for China’s workforce, an annual survey has revealed that more than half of the country’s white-collar employees got no year-end bonus ahead of the upcoming (and costly) lunar new year holiday.
仿佛是2016年对中国员工还不够艰难，一项年度调查披露，中国逾半数白领雇员在即将到来的（开销巨大的）农历春节假期来临前没有领到年终奖。
The survey of 11,500 workers by Chinese employment agency Zhaopin found that 50.9 per cent did not get an annual bonus at the end of 2016. Another 9.6 per cent were told their bonus had been delayed until after the new year holiday.
一项由中国职业介绍机构智联招聘(Zhaopin)对1.15万名员工开展的调查发现，2016年底有50.9%的员工没有拿到年终奖。还有9.6%的员工则被告知年终奖会推迟至春节假期后发放。
Prior to the slowdown that began in 2014 employers in China had been less stingy with cash bonuses, which can total well over a full month’s salary and send employees back home for the holiday with plenty of cash for gifts to elders and other family members (or to squirrel away as savings).
在2014年开始的这轮放缓之前，中国的雇主对于奖金没有这么吝啬。奖金的数额会大大高于一个月的薪水，让回家度假的员工能拥有足以为长辈和其他家庭成员购买礼物（或存为积蓄）的现金。
The impact of sluggish growth on year-end payouts may have peaked in 2015, however, when 66 per cent of white-collar workers received no year-end bonus. And the 2016 level actually represents an improvement from 2014, when 61 per cent had to go without.
不过，增长疲软对年终奖的影响或许在2015年已见顶。当时，66%的白领员工没有收到年终奖。而2016年的比例实际上比2014年都有所好转，那一年未收到年终奖的比例为61%。
But that recovery has also seen the size of bonuses drop: last year the average payout was Rmb12,821 ($1,861), about Rmb2,000 more than in 2015 but still roughly Rmb800 below the 2014 average. More than a quarter of those surveyed who saw their bonus shrink last year blamed the decrease on poor company performance.
不过，在这一反弹中也出现了奖金数额的下滑：去年的平均年终奖是12821元人民币（合1861美元），比2015年多了大约2000元人民币，却仍比2014年的平均值少了800元人民币。在奖金缩水的被调查者中，逾四分之一的人将原因归结为公司业绩太差。
Payouts also varied substantially between industries and cities. The average bonus at financial institutions was over Rmb17,200, while those in the education sector got less than half of that on average at less than Rmb7,500.
在不同产业和不同城市之间，年终奖的数额也有很大不同。金融机构的平均年终奖为1.72万元人民币，而教育部门年终奖则平均不到这一数额的一半，只有不足7500元人民币。
Disparity between the 34 cities surveyed was still greater, as the the average bonus of over Rmb15,800 in Beijing was more than triple the lowest-paying city of Shenyang, the provincial capital Liaoning located in China’s northeastern rust belt.
被调查的34个城市间的差距就更大了。北京市平均年终奖超过1.58万元人民币，超过了年终奖最低的沈阳市的三倍。沈阳市是中国东北铁锈地带辽宁省的省会。
Employees of state-owned firms also expressed more satisfaction with their bonuses than those at private companies – and little wonder, as the average payout at the former was Rmb17,318, or about Rmb6,000 more than what their private-sector counterparts could expect.
国有企业员工对年终奖表达了比民营企业更高的满意度。这一点毫不奇怪，因为国企的平均年终奖是17318元人民币，比民企的预期年终奖高了大约6000元人民币。
But the impact of corporate stinginess can go beyond simply ruining employees’ lunar new year holiday, possibly coming back to bite employers: 39 per cent of respondents said they would look for work elsewhere if their year-end bonus was not up to snuff, an increase of 2.3 percentage points from 2015.
不过，企业在年终奖上的吝啬，造成的影响可能不仅仅是破坏员工的春节假期，还可能回头反噬雇主：39%的回复者表示如果年终奖不能恢复正常，他们会另谋高就，这一比例比2015年高了2.3个百分点。
There will no longer be any legal obstacle to the implementation of a universal two-child policy, if the draft amendment to the family planning law is approved by the top legislature by Sunday.
如果计划生育法修正草案在星期日被中国最高立法机关批准，全面二孩政策的实施将不再会有任何法律障碍。
The proposed amendment, which is expected to come into force on Jan 1, contains a clause stipulating extended maternity leave and other welfare for couples having children. These are expected to boost the willingness of some couples to have a second child. Many couples have expressed reluctance to have a second child because of the high costs of bringing-up two children and the prejudice they anticipate from employers.
这项预计于2016年1月1日生效的修正案，包含一个子条款：为生二孩的夫妻延长生育假和其它福利。这些政策有望提高一些夫妻生二孩的意愿。然而，由于抚养两个孩子的成本会更高，并且女性生二胎还要担心公司老板会有看法，所以许多夫妇都表示不愿意再生。
How the longer maternity leave policy is implemented is up to local governments to decide. Specific and legally-binding measures should be worked out at the national level to ensure the policy is carried out and properly enforced to ensure that women are not discriminated against by employers obsessed with minimizing their labor costs.
延长的生育假如何落实往往由地方政府决定。国家层面应该颁布执行细则以及具备法律约束力的相关措施，以确保该政策的贯彻实施和合理执行，从而保证女性不因劳动成本最小化而受到雇主的歧视。
Surveys indicate that a majority of women suffer or have suffered gender prejudice when looking for a job, because employers do not want to grant maternity leave. To avoid possible gender discrimination from employers as a result of their entitlement to maternity leave and increase their employment competitiveness, some female job seekers have reportedly chosen to get married and have their children before graduating from universities.
调查显示，大多数女性在求职时正在或者已经因性别偏见受到影响，因为雇主不愿意提供产假。为了避免雇主因需要付产假津贴和提高就业竞争力可能带来的歧视，据报道，一些女性求职者选择在大学毕业前结婚生子。
To ease women's concerns following the implementation of the two-child policy, the country should put in place more explicit regulations banning discrimination against women. These could include requiring companies to have a certain percentage of female employees, as well as tax cuts or other preferential measures to encourage employers to effectively implement the extended maternity leave regulation for female workers.
随着二孩生育政策的出台，为了缓解女性的担忧，国家应明确规定禁止歧视女性，包括要求公司有一定比例的女员工以及减税或其他优惠措施，以鼓励雇主有效实施女职工产假延长的规定。
China's Internet celebrities are estimated to create a whopping 58 billion market in 2016, far surpassing the 44 billion yuan in box office sales generated last year, according to an industry report.
日前一份行业报告显示，2016年中国网红预计创造收益高达580亿元，远超2015年中国电影440亿元的票房收入。
The report by iResearch Consulting Group and Sina Weibo, China's most popular microblogging platform, was released at a forum in Shanghai, co-organized by Weibo and telecom giant Huawei .
根据这份由艾瑞咨询集团与新浪微博联合发布的报告表示，由新浪微博和电信巨头华为联合主办的2016超级红人节高峰论坛在上海举行。
The top 10 Weibo celebrities now have a combined 40 million followers. One of the most famous online figures, Papi Jiang, already signed a contract for video ads worth a staggering 22 million.
网络红人前10名的微博粉丝数加起来超过了4000万。其中最著名的Papi酱签署的视频广告价值竟然达到了令人震惊的2200万元。
Among 36,000 who have reached celebrity status on the Internet, 74 percent are women and 87.8 percent are between 17 to 33 years old, while 89 percent have a college education.
在360000个网红账号中，女性达到74%。而87.8%的网红年龄都在17-33岁之间，89%的网红接受过高等教育。
Followers are also getting younger and better educated, with 77.8 percent in the 17-to-33 age group and 75 percent with a higher education.
网红的粉丝也具备年轻化、高学历的特点。在关注网红的用户中，77.8%的人年龄在17-33岁之间，而接受过高等教育的比例达到75%。
The report also showed regions with a better-developed economy produce more cyberstars, with Beijing, Shanghai, Guangdong, Jiangsu and Zhejiang leading the rankings.
数据还显示，网红的分布和经济发展水平也有密切关系，北京、上海、广东、江苏和浙江等较发达地区是网红分布最多的五个地区。
China's booming cyberstar economy has gone through three stages -- the first based on text, then text and images, and now video thanks to the availability of broadband networks.
中国的网红经济发展到今天，经历了三个阶段：第一个阶段是文字时代，第二个阶段是图文时代，现在这一阶段是要归功于宽带的可用性的视频时代。
Social networking platforms, including Weibo and mobile app WeChat, proved to be the best tools for cyberstars to magnify the power of communication, making it possible to create an industry that combines advertisements, e-commerce and fans.
微博和微信等社交平台是网红扩大交流的重要平台，而广告、电商和粉丝的付费使网红经济成为可能。
Agents and investment institutions are now flooding the sector, causing additional changes to content and platforms in the world's second-largest economy, the report said. A number of Internet gurus, including Lei Jun, investor and founder of tech firm Xiaomi, Zhou Hongyi, CEO of Qihoo 360 Technology, and China's richest man Wang Jianlin have all directly supported live video-streaming websites, a strong indication of the growing interest from capital investment.
该报告指出，代理商和投资机构的涌入导致世界第二大经济体的增长方式和平台发生了额外的变化。小米科技公司的投资人和创始人雷军、360董事长周鸿祎、中国首富王健林等众多互联网大咖都大力支持流媒体的网络直播，这强烈表明了投资网红经济的巨大利润。
Movies in 2016 are going to be huge and there's going to be a lot of them. Some of the best movies coming in 2016 include,Batman vs Superman: Dawn of Justice, Captain America: Civil War, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, Finding Dory, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, X-Men: Apocalypse, Independence Day: Resurgence, WarCraft and Suicide Squad.
2016年即将上映的电影都是鸿篇巨制，众多佳片能让你一饱眼福。这些影片包括：《蝙蝠侠大战超人：正义黎明》、《美国船长3：内战》、《神奇动物在哪里》、《海底总动员2》、《星球大战：侠盗一号》、《X战警：天启》、《独立日2：复活》、《魔兽世界》以及《自杀小队》等。
There are many more 2016 movie releases that will do well at the box office, but there are only a few that we're all eagerly waiting to watch.
2016的很多电影都会有很好的票房号召力，但人们迫不及待想要观看的其实只有那么几部。
Here's a list of the top 10 most anticipated movies in 2016 that we believe will become box office hits and would be worth watching more than once.
以下是其中最值得期待的10部，我们相信这10部电影都将成为票房宠儿，值得反复欣赏。
1.Deadpool
1、死侍
This movie tells the story of Wade Wilson, played by Ryan Reynolds, who is a mercenary with accelerated healing powers and a dark sense of humour. He's now on the lookout for the man who almost destroyed his life by subjecting him to rogue experiments. Deadpool belongs to the Marvel Universe and is their most unconventional anti-hero.
电影主人公名叫韦德·威尔逊，由瑞安·雷诺兹扮演。威尔逊是一个拥有超强自我修复能力的雇佣兵，擅黑色幽默。他一直在寻找那个将他投入凶残实验、几乎毁了他一生的人。《死侍》由漫威公司出品， 塑造了一个超常规的反英雄人物。
Deadpool will release on February 12, 2016 and it looks like it's going to be a hilarious movie. Oh yes, there's going to be plenty of action and killing as well.
《死侍》将于2016年2月12日爆笑上映。 当然，电影中还有不少动作和杀戮场景。
2.Batman vs Superman: Dawn of Justice
2、《蝙蝠侠大战超人：正义黎明》
Probably the most awaited movie of all time and a big one for all Batman and Superman fans. We know that Batman is going to defeat Superman, but we don't know how he's going to do so in Dawn of Justice.
这部电影人们期待已久。无论对蝙蝠侠粉还是超人粉来说，该片都将是一场视觉盛宴。 我们知道，蝙蝠侠将在片中打败超人，但他究竟是怎么做到的呢？
Of course, Christian Bale won't be playing Batman, instead, a rather chubby Ben Affleck will save Gotham from the Superman.
众所周知，蝙蝠侠的扮演者不再是克里斯汀·贝尔，而是肉肉的本·阿弗莱克。他将打败超人，拯救哥谭镇。
Batman vs Superman: Dawn of Justice is scheduled to hit theatres on March 23, 2016.
《蝙蝠侠大战超人：正义黎明》将于2016年3月23日横扫各大影院。
3.The Jungle Book
3、《丛林故事》
Based on the children's books that goes by the same name, this movie follows the adventures of Mowgli through the Jungle as he tries to discover himself. He comes across several creatures in the Jungle, played by various actors, who make his journey difficult.
该片根据同名童话故事拍摄而成，主要讲述了主人公毛各利的丛林奇遇，他试图在探险中发现自己。他在丛林中遇到很多生物（由众多演员扮演），正是这些生物使他的旅程变得异常艰辛。
The Jungle Book will be released worldwide on April 15, 2016.
《丛林故事》将于2016年4月15日在全球上映。
4.Captain America: Civil War
4、《美国队长3：内战》
Civil War takes place after the events of Avengers: Age of Ultron, when the government decides that the Avengers should work under them and not on their own. Steve Rogers, aka Captain America, is against this idea whereas Tony Stark, aka Iron Man, is with the government. This leads to a conflict between Captain America and Iron Man.
内战发生在奥创事件之后。那时，政府决定超级英雄们必须在政府管理下行事，不能再单独行动。“美国队长”斯蒂夫·罗杰斯表示反对，但“钢铁侠”托尼·斯塔克却赞成政府的做法。两人之间的冲突因此形成。
This is going to be one very interesting movie that shows the relationship between Captain America and Iron Man, who've always had trouble trusting each other.
这将是一部非常有趣的电影，刻画出了美国队长与钢铁侠之间微妙的关系， 两人经常陷入信任危机。
Captain America: Civil War will hit theatres May 6, 2016. Who's side are you on?
《美国队长3：内战》将于2016年5月6日在各大影院上映。美国队长与钢铁侠开战，你支持谁？
5.X-Men: Apocalypse
5、《X战警：天启》
A sequel to X Men: Days of Future Past, the latest instalment in the X Men series will see them fight the villain Apocalypse. The movie might see the return of a few older characters and a lot of new ones. We don't really know anymore than that, but it is going to be one amazing film, that's for sure.
该片是《X战警：未来昔日》的续集，也是《X战警》系列电影的最新力作。我们将在片中看到“X战警”大战恶棍“天启”（Apocalypse）。很多昔日的面孔将回归，当然也会有不少新角色出现。 关于电影，我们知道的也仅此而已了，但可以保证的是，这绝对是一部超赞的电影。
X-Men: Apocalypse is said to hit theatres on May 27, 2016.
《X战警：天启》据悉将于2016年5月27日上映。
6.The Conjuring 2：The Enfield Poltergeist
6、《招魂2：恩菲德的骚灵》
After the success of The Conjuring, Ed Warren and Lorraine Warren are back to kick some ghost butts. Conjuring 2 is based on the Enfield Poltergeist, which is apparently a true event that took place in London in 1977.
在《招魂》一举成功后， 埃德·沃伦和罗琳·沃伦夫妇又推出了其续集《招魂2》。 影片讲述了1977年发生在伦敦的一个真实故事——恩菲德招灵事件。
Are you ready for a summer scare? Conjuring 2: The Enfield Poltergeist is set to hit the screens on June 10, 2016. We reckon that this is going to be a good horror movie.
你准备好惊悚一“夏” 了吗？《招魂2：恩菲德的骚灵》将于2016年6月10日上映。我们认为这将是一部非常好的恐怖片。
7.Finding Dory
7、《海底总动员2》
The movie takes place a year after the events of Finding Nemo and follows the journey of Dory to find her parents. Dory is helped by Nemo and Marlin in this epic adventure along the coast of California. You will also see some new characters introduced in the film.
故事发生在《海底总动员》第一部结束的一年后，多莉展开了一场全新的海底冒险：寻找自己的父母。在这部史诗巨制中，多莉沿加利福尼亚海岸的冒险之旅，得到了尼莫和马林的鼎力相助。 故事中也将迎来一批全新的角色。
Finding Dory releases on June 17, 2016.
《海底总动员2》将于2016年6月17日上映。
8.Suicide Squad
8、《自杀小队》
The most badass super-villains assigned to protecting people, that's Suicide Squad for you. A government agency called A.R.G.U.S recruits villains to perform dangerous tasks that in turn reduces their prison sentence. The task force includes Joker, Deadshot, Harley Quinn, Boomerang, Killer Croc and several other villains from the DC Comics universe.
超级大坏蛋们将受命保护人类——这就是《自杀小队》的主旨。 一个名叫“A.R.G.U.S”的政府机构招募了一些罪犯帮它执行危险任务，罪犯们将得到的报酬是减刑。这支特遣小队的成员有小丑、死亡射手、哈利·奎恩、回旋镖队长、杀人鳄以及DC漫画宇宙里的其他坏家伙。
The Suicide Squad is scheduled for an August 5th 2016 release.
《自杀小队》将于2016年8月5日上映。
9.Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them
9、《神奇动物在哪里》
Harry Potter fans, it's time for another movie. A prequel to the Harry Potter films, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them follows the adventures of Newt Scamander in an ancient New York. It is based on the Hogwarts textbook in Harry Potter by the same name.
《哈利·波特》粉们，福利来啦！该片是《哈利·波特》前传，讲述了纽特·斯卡曼德在老纽约的冒险经历。该片根据《哈利·波特》中霍格沃兹学院的同名教科书改编而成。
Newt Scamander is a magiczoologist who studies magical creatures.
斯卡曼德是个魔法生物研究学家。
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them will be released worldwide on November 18, 2016.
《神奇动物在哪里》将于2016年11月18日在全球上映。
10.Star Wars: Rogue One
10、《星球大战：侠盗一号》
Set between the events of Star Wars Episode III and IV, Rogue One will most likely be about bounty hunters who set out to steal the Death Star plans. We're not exactly sure of the plot.
故事背景设定于《星球大战3：西斯的复仇》和《星球大战4：新希望》之间，起义军盗取死星设计图，将很有可能成为被重金追杀的对象。对于电影详细情节，我们也不是很清楚。
Walt Disney Pictures and Lucasfilm have promised a Star Wars film every winter after the release of Star Wars: The Force Awakens. These movies will be spin-offs to the main films.
在《星球大战：原力觉醒》后，迪士尼影业和卢卡斯影业承诺每年冬天推出一部星球大战系列电影，都将围绕原来的主题展开。
Star Wars: Rogue One is set to release on December 16, 2016.
《星球大战：侠盗一号》预计2016年12月16日上映。
China's expenditure on technology research and development rose 10.6% to 1.57 trillion yuan in 2016, the fastest annual growth since 2014, as the nation increases its investment in new driving forces to stabilize the economy.
随着我国对稳定经济的新驱动力的投资增加，2016年我国的科技研究与试验发展经费达1.57万亿元，增长10.6%，是2014年以来最快的年增速。
The data was released by the National Bureau of Statistics on its website, saying the growth rate rebounded for the first time after a four-year straight drop.
国家统计局日前在其网站发布了上述数据，称这是科技研发经费增速连续4年下滑后的首次回升。
It was 8.9% in 2015 and 9.9% in 2014. The expenditure accounted for 2.11% of last year's total GDP, compared with 2.06% in 2015.
2014年、2015年的研发经费增速分别为9.9%和8.9%。研发经费在去年国内生产总值（GDP）中的占比为2.11%，比上年提高0.05个百分点。
It has exceeded the average level of 2.08% in the EU, while it still lags behind the 2.4% average ratio for member countries of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, the bureau said.
国家统计局表示，这一比例虽然与经济合作与发展组织成员国2.4%的平均水平还有差距，但已超过欧盟2.08%的平均水平。
Pan Jiancheng, deputy head of the bureau's China Economic Monitoring and Analysis Center, said the increasing proportion of research and development expenditure to GDP indicates that the driving force of economic growth is transforming to innovation-focus from the traditional factors - exports and investment.
国家统计局中国经济景气监测中心副主任潘建成表示，研发经费与GDP之比不断上升，显示出经济增长正由传统要素（出口和投资）驱动向创新驱动转型。
According to a national plan for technology development, by 2020 research and development expenditure is targeted to reach 2.5% of total GDP.
根据一项针对技术发展的国家规划，到2020年时，研发经费的目标是要达到GDP的2.5%。
The punctuality rate of China's major airports is still far from satisfactory, according to the latest report published by local aviation statistic company VariFlight.
国内航空统计公司飞常准发布的最新报告显示，我国主要机场的准点率仍然远未让人满意。
Although the average punctuality rate of the surveyed airports rose 7% year-on-year to 70.4% in 2016, the average delay time was 33 minutes.
尽管2016年受调查机场的平均准点率同比提高7%至70.4%，但航班平均延误时长为33分钟。
Shanghai Pudong International Airport reported the lowest punctuality rate last year. Only 52.4% of flights took off on time, with delays averaging 48 minutes.
去年上海浦东国际机场通报的准点率最低，该机场仅有52.4%的航班准时起飞，平均延误时长为48分钟。
Beijing Capital International Airport performed slightly better, with its punctuality rate reaching 60.7%.
北京首都国际机场的情况稍好一些，其准点率达60.7%。
Xi'an Xianyang International Airport outshone all other airports in China, with a punctuality rate of 82.3%.
西安咸阳国际机场的准点率为82.3%，在国内所有机场中位居第一。
According to Feng Zhenglin, head of the Civil Aviation Administration of China, weather accounted for 56.8% of flight delays in 2016, up from 29.5% the previous year.
中国民航局局长冯正霖表示，因天气造成航班延误的比例由2015年的29.5%增至2016年的56.8%。
Feng said that the Goal for 2017 is to maintain an overall punctuality rate of about 75%.
他表示，2017年的目标是航班整体准点率维持在75%左右。
Li Xiaojin, a professor at Civil Aviation University of China's Economics and Management College, said that rapidly increasing numbers of flights and limited airspace for civil aviation are the major reasons for delays.
中国民航大学经济管理学院教授李晓津表示，数量迅速增加的航班以及民用航空有限的空域是延误的主要原因。
China becomes the first middle-income country to join the ranks of the world's 25 most-innovative economies, according to the Global Innovation Index (GII) released last Monday.
据上周一发布的全球创新指数显示，中国成为首个跻身世界最具创新力经济体25强的中等收入国家。
The country's improved performance has notched the 17th place in "innovation quality", an indicator that looks at the caliber of universities, number of scientific publications and international patent filings.
中国的创新表现有所改善，在"创新质量"方面排名第17，这是个考量高校水平、科学出版物数量和国际专利申请量的指标。
This makes China the leader among middle-income economies for this indicator, followed by India which has overtaken Brazil, according to the report jointly released by Cornell University, INSEAD and the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO).
根据康奈尔大学、英士国际商学院和世界知识产权组织联合发布的这一份报告，这使得中国成为中等收入经济体中该指标的领先者，紧随其后的是已经超过巴西的印度。
Despite China's rise, an "innovation divide" persists between developed and developing countries amid increasing awareness among policymakers that fostering innovation is crucial to a vibrant, competitive economy.
尽管中国排名上升，随着决策者越来越意识到加强创新是一个经济体充满活力、竞争力的关键，发达国家与发展中国家在创新方面仍存在差距。
Switzerland, Sweden and the UK again occupied the top three slots in the ranking. Fifteen of the top 25 economies in the GII come from Europe.
瑞士、瑞典、英国再次占据榜单前三名。全球创新指数25强经济体中，有15个来自欧洲。
And among the GII 2016 leaders, four economies — Japan, the US, the UK, and Germany— stand out in innovation quality.
2016年全球创新指数排名靠前的经济体中，日本、美国、英国、德国在创新质量方面表现突出。
"Investing in innovation is critical to raising long-term economic growth," said WIPO Director General Francis Gurry. "In this current economic climate, uncovering new sources of growth and leveraging the opportunities raised by global innovation are priorities for all stakeholders."
世界知识产权组织总干事弗朗西斯·居里表示：“投资创新是提高长期经济增长的关键。在当前的经济形势下，发现新的增长来源并利用全球创新所带来的机会是所有利益相关者的优先事项。”
Statistics show global research and development expenditure grew at an annual pace of approximately seven percent before 2009, but slowed down to four percent in 2014
统计数据显示，在2009年之前，全球研发支出以每年约7%的速度增长，但在2014年放缓了4%。
"Investing in improving innovation quality is essential for closing the innovation divide," said Soumitra Dutta, dean of Cornell College of Business and co-editor of the report.
康乃尔大学商学院院长兼该报告的合著者苏米特拉·达塔表示：“在提高创新素质上面投资是 缩小创新鸿沟的关键。”
Two Chinese universities, University of Hong Kong and University of Macao, squeezed into the top 10 of the world's most international universities in 2016, according to a new list published by Times Higher Education on Thursday.
据《泰晤士报》高等教育星期四公布的最新排名，中国的两所大学--香港大学和澳门大学，跻身2016全球大学国际化水平前十名。
The latest list showed that University of Hong Kong ranked third and University of Macao seized the sixth place.
最新名单显示香港大学排名第三，澳门大学排名第六。
World's Most International Universities Ranking 2016 by The Times Higher Education included 200 universities from 28 countries. It employed indicators such as the proportion of international staff, the number of international students and research papers published with at least one co-author from another country of each institution.
2016全球大学国际化水平排名是由《泰晤士报》高等教育从28个国家的200所大学选出的。它采用了几项指标来衡量，比如国际员工的比例，国际学生的数量，每个学院至少有一个不同国家的作者合著的研究论文出版等。
Qatar University claimed the most international institution, marking the first time a Middle Eastern university has topped the list.
卡塔尔大学被选为最国际化的学校，这也标志着来自中东的大学第一次高居榜首。
The remaining of the top 10 were the University of Luxembourg (second), Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne (fourth), University of Geneva (fifth), ETH Zurich - Swiss Federal Institute of Technology Zurich (seventh), University of St. Gallen (eighth), National University of Singapore (ninth) and Imperial College London (10th).
前十强还包括排第二的卢森堡大学，第四的洛桑联邦理工学院，第五的日内瓦大学，第七的苏黎世联邦理工学院，第八的圣加仑大学，第九的新加坡国立大学和第十的帝国理工学院（伦敦大学）。
"An institution's global outlook is one of the key markers of a prestigious university. The top institutions hire faculty from all over the world, attract students from a global market of top talent and collaborate with leading departments wherever they happen to be based." said Phil Baty, editor of Times Higher Education World University Rankings.
泰晤士高等教育世界大学排名的编辑菲尔·巴蒂说，“学校的全球发展前景是一个名牌大学的重要标志之一。顶尖大学聘请来自世界各地的教师，吸引来自全球有极高天分的学生，并能与所有的一流专业合作——不管是哪个国家的。”
"All institutions in this list deserve to celebrate - being named one of the most international universities in the world is a sign of great potential, competitiveness and dynamism."
“能被评为全球最国际化的大学之一，这个名单中的所有学校都是值得祝贺的。这标志着它们拥有巨大的潜力、竞争力和发展动力。”
Apple Inc., Alphabet Inc.'s Google, and Coca-Cola Co. topped the list of the world's 100 most valuable brands in 2016, while technology and automotive brands dominated the overall rankings, according to a new report from brand consultancy Interbrand.
根据品牌咨询公司Interbrand的一项最新报告显示，苹果，谷歌和可口可乐在2016年全球100个最有价值品牌排行中位列前三；而在整个榜单中，科技品牌和汽车品牌占据了相当大的一部分。
Microsoft Corp., Toyota Motor Corp., IBM Corp., Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., Amazon.com Inc., Mercedes-Benz and General Electric Co. were also on the Top 10 list, according to Interbrand's 2016 Best Global Brands report.
根据Interbrand2016年全球最佳品牌报告显示，该榜单的前十名还包括微软、丰田汽车公司、IBM、三星电子有限公司、亚马逊、梅塞德斯-奔驰和通用电气公司。
Social network Facebook Inc., e-commerce giant Amazon and toy company Lego were the top-growing brands.
社交网络公司Facebook 、电子商务巨头亚马逊和玩具公司乐高则是品牌价值增幅最大的企业。
The report ranks brands based on financial performance, its influence on customers, and its power to command a premium price or drive company sales.
这一品牌的排名主要是基于财务业绩报告、对客户的影响、溢价能力或推动公司销售的能力。
Apple's brand value rose 5 percent from a year ago to $178 billion and Google's brand value was up 11 percent from a year ago to $133 billion, according to the report.
据该报告显示，苹果的品牌价值同比去年增长了5%，至1780亿美元，而谷歌的品牌价值同比增长了11%，至1330亿美元。
"Apple, Google and Coca-Cola are the most valuable brands as their finances are strong, their brand is a powerful driver of choice and they are very strong compared to competitors," said Jez Frampton, Interbrand's global chief executive officer.
Interbrand的全球首席执行官杰斯·弗兰普顿表示：“苹果、谷歌和可口可乐是世界上最有价值的品牌。因为他们的财务实力雄厚，品牌具有强大的号召力，这是其竞争对手无法比拟的。”
Hitting the Top 100 for the first time, French fashion brand Dior and Silicon Valley automaker Tesla Motors Inc. were at Nos. 89 and 100 respectively.
第一次跻身品牌价值100强的是法国时尚品牌迪奥和硅谷的汽车制造商特斯拉汽车公司，他们分别位列第89名和第100名。
Hugo Boss, Chevrolet and Kleenex dropped off the list, the report said.
此外，该报告还指出，雨果博斯、雪佛兰和舒洁则跌出了该榜单。
The world’s 100 biggest brands still command a significant premium over others and that value increased by 3 per cent to $3.4tn this year, according to the latest BrandZ rankings compiled by Millward Brown, the research agency.
根据研究机构Millward Brown编制的BrandZ最新排行榜，全球100个最具价值品牌的品牌价值仍远远领先于其他品牌，今年它们的总价值上升3%，至3.4万亿美元。
Over the past 10 years, the value of the top 100 brands has more than doubled — increasing by 133 per cent. That value (see box on page 3 for methodology) is calculated in terms of financial measures such as revenues and profitability combined with surveys of how consumers view brands.
过去10年，全球最具价值品牌100强的品牌价值增长一倍多，增幅达到133%。品牌价值是根据收入和盈利能力等财务指标，结合消费者品牌认知调查计算的。
Elspeth Cheung, head of BrandZ valuation at Millward Brown, says: “The top 10 used to be dominated by consumer goods. This year, it’s technology.”
Millward Brown的BrandZ估值主管Elspeth Cheung表示：“排行榜10强过去由消费品主宰。今年是科技。”
Here are some of the trends that emerge from this year’s BrandZ rankings:
以下是今年BrandZ全球最具价值品牌百强榜出现的一些趋势：
Star risers
价值增长最快的品牌
Amazon, Starbucks and Facebook have seen their brand values shoot up in 2016 compared with 2015. Amazon’s 59 per cent rise in value to $99bn and seventh place ranking, is partly due to its ability to create demand and not just satisfy it, according to Elspeth Cheung, head of BrandZ valuation at Millward Brown. She says Amazon’s one-hour delivery service has put pressure on other retailers to speed up delivery times while the online retailer’s move into logistics poses a threat to courier services UPS, FedEx and DHL.
与去年相比，亚马逊(Amazon)、星巴克(Starbucks)和Facebook今年的品牌价值飙升。亚马逊的品牌价值增长59%，至990亿美元，排名第七，Elspeth Cheung表示，这在一定程度上源于其创造需求、而不仅仅是满足需求的能力。她表示，亚马逊的一小时送货服务对其他零售商加快送货速度构成压力，同时这家在线零售商进入物流领域对联合包裹(UPS)、联邦快递(FedEx)以及DHL等快递公司构成威胁。
Facebook, up 44 per cent, has added new features including disaster alert, which lets users quickly inform family and friends that they are safe. Such innovations add to the media group’s importance as an integral medium for worldwide connection and enhance its value to advertisers, Ms Cheung says.
Facebook的品牌价值增长44%，该公司增加了新的功能，包括平安信使(Safety Check)，让用户迅速通知家人和朋友他们是安全的。Elspeth Cheung表示，这些创新提高了这家媒体集团作为一个不可或缺的全球联络媒介的重要性，同时增加了其对广告商的价值。
Starbucks, up 49 per cent to 21 in the ranking, has evolved from a café to a place where people can hang out all day since it now sells breakfast, lunch and evening meals, accompanied by alcohol in some places.
星巴克的品牌价值增长49%，排名第21位，该公司已从咖啡馆发展到人们可以逗留一整天的地方，它现在供应早餐、午餐和晚餐，一些地方还供应酒水。
Sectors: what’s in
热门行业
The fastest-rising sector is apparel, driven by Nike in sportswear as people pay more attention to health and fitness, and Zara, whose fast fashion is becoming increasingly popular in China.
品牌价值增长最快的行业是服装，由运动服饰耐克(Nike)和快时尚品牌Zara引领，因为人们更多地关注健康和健身，同时Zara的快时尚在中国变得越来越受欢迎。
Technology and telecoms are on the up as are some fast food companies, including Starbucks, which BrandZ puts in this category, and McDonald's, whose brand value is risen by nine per cent even though its ranking is unchanged.
科技、电信企业与一些快餐集团的品牌价值均出现增长，后者包括星巴克（BrandZ将它列入这一分类）和麦当劳(McDonald's)，麦当劳的品牌价值增长9%，尽管排名没有变化。
Sectors: out of favour
失宠行业
The biggest falls in brand values include oil and gas companies, still suffering from low commodity prices, and banks, which face growing competition from rival payment systems such as PayPal — whose brand value increased by 35 per cent (see story page 2).
品牌价值降幅最大的包括油气公司（仍因大宗商品价格处于低位而受到影响）和银行（面临着PayPal等支付系统日益激烈的竞争，PayPal的品牌价值增长35%）。
Regional
地区
There are 15 Chinese brands in the top 100, one more than last year and a sharp rise on a decade ago, when China Mobile was the only Chinese brand.
在全球最具价值品牌百强榜上，有15个中国品牌上榜，比去年多一个，较10年前大有增加，当时中国移动(China Mobile)是唯一上榜的中国品牌。
Their inclusion has come at the expense mainly of European companies, signalling the shift in economic power towards the east. There is only one Indian brand in the top 100 ranking — HDFC Bank. Russian, Mexican and Brazilian brands have fallen out of the ranking in the past few years — a sober reflection of the changing fortunes of these emerging markets.
中国品牌上榜主要是挤掉了欧洲企业，这表明，经济实力正向东方转移。只有一家印度品牌登上百强榜：HDFC Bank。过去几年，俄罗斯、墨西哥和巴西品牌纷纷落榜，这残酷反映出这些新兴市场的命运正发生变化。
The US remains home to the biggest brands and the value of its top 10 increased by 10 per cent to $1.3tn in 2016. The top 10 UK brands, headed by Vodafone, lost 8 per cent of their value. Those in continental Europe — led by Germany’s SAP software group — rose 5 per cent. Finally, the $360bn value of Asia’s top 10 brands, headed by Tencent, China Mobile and Alibaba, was only 10 per cent lower than the value of the top 10 in continental Europe and the UK combined.
美国仍是最具价值品牌大国，2016年该国10强品牌的品牌价值增长10%，至1.3万亿美元。以沃达丰(Vodafone)为首的英国10强品牌的品牌价值缩水8%。以德国软件集团SAP为首的欧洲大陆10强品牌的品牌价值增长5%。最后，以腾讯(Tencent)、中国移动和阿里巴巴(Alibaba)为首的亚洲10强品牌的品牌价值达3600亿美元，仅比欧洲大陆和英国10强品牌的品牌价值总和低10%。
Local champions
本土冠军
Consumers in many parts of the world have a preference for buying local which has helped boost the value of local brands.
全球很多国家的消费者都倾向于购买国产货，这帮助推升了本土品牌的品牌价值。
These brands are close to their domestic markets, helping them to gain market share at the expense of global brands, and they are also winning share in new regions, according to BrandZ.
BrandZ表示，这些品牌靠近国内市场，这帮助它们从全球品牌手中夺取市场份额，它们还在新地区赢得市场份额。
Huawei, the Chinese technology group, has taken market share from both Apple and Samsung, according to BrandZ.
BrandZ表示，中国科技集团华为(Huawei)已从苹果(Apple)和三星(Samsung)手中夺取市场份额。
Its brand value has increased by 22 per cent to $19bn and it has climbed 20 places up the ranking to number 50.
华为的品牌价值增长22%，至190亿美元，其排名上升20个位次，至第50位。
Brands vs the market
品牌VS市场
The biggest brands outperform financial markets, according to BrandZ, which says this illustrates their financial power and value to shareholders.
BrandZ表示，最具价值品牌的表现超过金融市场，这说明了它们的财务实力和对股东的价值。
Since April 2007, the value of the top 100 brands has increased by 106 per cent. That compares with a 61 per cent rise in the S&P 500 and growth of 21 per cent in the MSCI world index over the same period.
自2007年4月以来，全球最具价值品牌100强的品牌价值增长106%。同期标准普尔500指数(S&P 500)和MSCI明晟全球指数(MSCI world index)分别上涨61%和21%。
Migrants working in rich countries sent home almost half a trillion dollars in 2016, helping to lift families out of poverty by providing financial stability, access to education, housing and healthcare, according to a global report.
据一份全球报告显示，2016年，在富裕国家工作的打工人员往家乡汇款近5000亿美元，通过提供金融稳定、教育机会、住房和医疗保健等来帮助家庭摆脱贫困。
About 200 million migrants, half of whom are women, sent $445 billion to their families in Asia, Latin America and Africa in 2016, the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) said last Wednesday.
联合国下属的国际农业发展基金会（IFAD）上周三表示，2016年，约有2亿名打工人员--其中一半是女性--向他们在亚洲、拉美和非洲的家人汇款4450亿美元。
The total amount of remittances, which is estimated to reach $450 billion in 2017, has risen by more than 50 percent in the past decade, IFAD said.
IFAD称，汇款总额在2017年有望达到4500亿美元，在过去十年里，这个数字增长了超过50%。
"It is a truly a global phenomenon in which people, due to lack of opportunities, have to leave their families behind to provide for them," said Pedro De Vasconcelos, IFAD policy advisor and author of the report.
IFAD的政策顾问、这篇报告的作者佩德罗·德·瓦斯孔塞卢斯称：“这确实是一个全球性的现象，由于缺乏机会，人们不得不背井离乡，出门打工养活家人。”
"Migration should be an option, a choice. But for 200 million people, it's a necessity," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in a phone interview.
他在一则电话采访中向汤森路透基金会透露：“外出打工应该只是一个选择。但是对于2亿人来说，却是没得选择的选择。”
Most remittances ($117 billion) came from the United States, followed by Europe ($115 billion) and the Gulf states ($100 billion).
大多数汇款出自美国（1170亿美元）、欧洲（1150亿美元）和海湾国家（1000亿美元）。
Total migrant worker earnings are estimated to be $3 trillion annually, of which approximately 85 percent remains in the host countries. The money migrants send home averages less than one percent of their host country's gross domestic product, IFAD said.
所有外出务工人员的年收入据估计达到了3万亿美元，然而大约有85%仍留在雇主国，他们汇款回家的钱，平均不到雇主国GDP的百分之一。
The report said families back home receive an average of $200 a month, which makes up 60 percent of the household income.Using the steady flow of remittances, families can buy food, get housing, go to school, access healthcare, improve sanitation, or even invest in a business and have some savings, the report said.
报告指出，他们的家庭平均每月大约会收到200美元，这占到了他们家庭收入的60%。使用这笔稳定的汇款，他们的家人可以解决吃饭、住房、上学、医疗问题，改善卫生条件，进行一些投资，或者有一定的存款。
Cristiano Ronaldo, the superstar footballer who earned 61 million pound last year, usurped long-term leader Floyd Mayweather Jnr into first place. The retired boxer, who fought just once in the last 12 months, earned pound 30 million.
克里斯蒂亚诺·罗纳尔多，这位去年收入6100万英镑的超级足球明星，取代了长期占据榜首的弗洛伊德·梅威瑟，成为了去年收入最高的运动员。小梅瑟威是一名退役拳击手，他最近一年只打了一场拳赛，挣了3000万英镑。
Ronaldo's monster pay-packet was the result of his eye-watering pound 38.5 million-a-year salary with Spanish giants Real Madrid and endorsement deals with the likes of Nike, watchmaker Tag Heuer and nutrition supplements group Herbalife - themselves worth pound 22 million.
C罗巨无霸般的收入主要来源于两部分。一部分是他效力于西班牙豪门皇家马德里挣得的令人眼红的3850万英镑的年薪。另一部分来源于他为耐克、豪雅表和营养品公司康宝莱代言带来的总计2200万英镑的代言费。
His footballing rival Lionel Messi - who the 31-year-old beat to be crowned the World Player of the Year in January - was second on the list, taking home pound 56 million in 2015/16.
31岁的C罗的足球圈中的死敌、今年一月击败其荣膺世界足球先生的里奥·梅西在2015-2016年度收入5600万英镑，位居第二。
It is the first time since 2001 that an athlete other than Mayweather Jnr or golfer Tiger Woods topped the earning league.
这是自从2001年来第一次由一名既不是小梅瑟威、也不是泰格·伍兹的运动员，荣登收入榜第一名。
Former world number one Woods has not won a single tournament since 2013 and missed most of the last year recovering from surgery on his back. However, his name alone continued to bank him millions. He earned pound 31 million from endorsement deals with brands including Nike and Titleist, placing him 12th in the list of top earners.
自从2013年以来，前世界第一的泰格·伍兹没有赢过一次锦标赛，由于处于背部手术康复期，他也错过了去年的大部分比赛。但是，单单是泰格·伍兹的名号就能够使他赚得盆满钵满了。通过为耐克和泰特利斯等品牌代言，泰格·伍兹去年赚了3100万英镑，位居榜单第12位。
Mayweather Jnr - who is capable of demanding pound 70 million a fight - fell to 16th. He pocketed pound 20 million in ring fees with an additional pound 5 million coming mostly from his clothing brand TMT, The Money Team.
梅瑟威一场拳赛的要价可以高达7000万英镑，但是他去年的收入只排在榜单上位居第16位。去年梅瑟威的拳赛收入达到了2000万英镑，此外他的服装品牌TMT（The Money Team）也给他贡献了500万英镑。
Hanging on the coat tails of Ronaldo and Messi are NBA star LeBron James (pound 53 million) and tennis player Roger Federer (pound 46 million).
在这份榜单上，名列C罗和梅西之后的是NBA球星勒布朗·詹姆斯（5300万英镑）和网球运动员罗杰·费德勒（4600万英镑）。
Despite relatively low comparative competition earnings and salary, the pair were the two highest earners in regards to endorsement deals last year, with 17-time Grand Slam champion Federer earning pound 41 million.
尽管詹姆斯和费德勒在工资和薪水上要少一些（相比于C罗和梅西），但是这两人去年的代言费是最高的，其中17次大满贯得主费德勒去年代言收入达到了4100万英镑。
Ronaldo and Messi are the only football players in the top 20, which also features no women.
在这份榜单的前二十人中，C罗和梅西是仅有的两名足球运动员，此外，这份榜单上也没有任何女性运动员入围。
In 2016, 1,576 foreigners became permanent Chinese residents, an increase of 163% on the previous year, according the Ministry of Public Security.
据公安部介绍，2016年，1576名外国人成为中国永久性居民，较上一年度增长163%。
China has made huge progress in easing its residence and entry policies for foreigners since September 2015, which has helped attract more talent from overseas, as well as boost international exchanges and the economy, according to a ministry statement.
根据公安部的声明，自2015年9月以来，我国在放宽外国人居留、入境政策方面取得了巨大进步，帮助吸引了更多海外人才、促进了国际交流和经济发展。
Foreigners with permanent residence enjoy the same rights as Chinese citizens, such as in investment, housing purchases and schooling, among other rights.
在中国永久居留的外国人在投资、购房、受教育等方面享受中国公民同等待遇。
One year after new measures were implemented, Shanghai saw a year-on-year increase of six times the number of permanent residence applications from foreigners and their families.
上海实施新措施一年以来，受理外籍人士及其家属永久居留申请同比增长6倍。
The number of such applications in Beijing last year increased 426% from that of 2015.
北京2016年受理外籍人士及其家属永久居留申请较2015年增长426%。
At present, 15 Chinese cities allow a 72-hour visa-free entry for nationals of certain countries. Shanghai, Jiangsu and Zhejiang offer 144-hour visa-free stays for international transit passengers from certain countries.
目前，中国15座城市允许对某些国家的公民实行72小时免签证入境。上海、江苏和浙江则为来自某些国家的国际过境旅客提供144小时免签证停留。
Guangdong has cemented its position as the country's largest provincial economy for the 28th consecutive year, with its gross domestic product (GDP) exceeding 7.9 trillion yuan in 2016.
2016年，广东以逾7.9万亿元的地区生产总值(GDP)，连续第28年稳居我国第一经济大省。
Its GDP increased 7.5 percent compared to last year, according to a report by 21st Century Business Herald.
据《21世纪经济报道》称，广东去年的GDP增速为7.5%。
The next biggest provincial provinces were Jiangsu, Shandong, Zhejiang, Henan and Sichuan, finishing in the same position as 2015.
江苏、山东、浙江、河南和四川的经济总量排名紧随其后，名次与2015年相同。
Central China's Hubei province surpassed Hebei province for the first time to rank 7th with 3.2 trillion yuan, up 8.1 percent.
湖北第一次超过了河北，以3.2万亿的GDP总量排在第七位，增速为8.1%。
Nine provincial-level regions' GDP exceeded 3 trillion yuan in 2016, three more than the year before. The number of provincial-level areas with GDP surpassing 1 trillion yuan in 2016 remained 25.
2016年，9个省级地区的GDP超过3万亿元，比上一年增加3个；25个省级地区的GDP突破1万亿元，与上一年持平。
Of the 27 provincial-level regions that outpaced the country's 6.7% GDP growth in 2016, only three regions - Chongqing, Guizhou and Tibet - achieved double-digit growth.
27个省级地区的GDP增速超过全国6.7%的GDP增速，其中，仅重庆、贵州、西藏三地实现两位数增长。
The GDP of Southwest China's Chongqing Municipality grew by 10.7 percent in 2016, hitting 1.76 trillion yuan. Southwest China's Guizhou province and Tibet autonomous region posted 10.5 percent and 10 percent growth respectively.
2016年重庆市GDP增长了10.7%，达到了1.76万亿元人民币。贵州和西藏分别实现了10.5%和10%的GDP增长。
Six regions recorded GDP growth less than 7 percent, with China's north-eastern rust belt Liaoning province at the bottom with negative growth.
此外，有6个地区的GDP增速低于7%，其中东北的辽宁省以负增长垫底。
Domestic brands still dominate cellphone shipments in China as Chinese cellphone makers accelerated innovation, an industrial report showed.
一份产业报告显示，随着国内手机制造商加快创新，国产品牌手机仍占据国内手机出货量的主要份额。
Shipments of cellphones made by Chinese companies reached 498 million in 2016, accounting for 88.9% of the country's total shipments, according to the report from the China Academy of Information and Communication Technology.
中国信息通信研究院的报告称，2016年国产手机出货量达4.98亿部，占国内手机总出货量的88.9%。
Total shipments of cellphones reached 560 million in 2016, up 8% year on year, the report showed.
报告显示，去年国内手机总出货量为5.6亿部，同比增长8%。
Most of the cellphones sold in 2016 are smart phones installed with the Android system and 4G ready, according to the report.
报告称，去年销售的手机大部分是预装安卓系统和支持4G的智能手机。
Chinese cellphone maker giant Huawei expects its smartphone shipments to grow 29 percent year-on-year to reach 139 million in 2016, compared with an estimated global average shipment growth of 0.6 percent.
中国手机制造巨头华为发布了业务预期，在2016年，其智能手机发货量达到了1.39亿台，同比增长29%，而全球手机出货量的同比增长仅为0.6%。
China has become the country with the most film screens in the world.
中国已经成为世界上电影银幕最多的国家。
The film screens in China reached 41,179 as of the end of 2016 with another 1,612 cinemas and 9,552 film screens built during the year, according to a report by People's Daily.
根据《人民日报》的一份报告，截至2016年年底，中国的电影银幕已达到41179块，另外新增1612家电影院和9552块电影银幕。
Officials with the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television (SAPPRFT) said the film industry in China kept a steady development momentum in 2016 amid the "new normal" of the country's economic development.
国家新闻出版广电总局官员表示，中国电影业在2016年经济发展“新常态”下保持了稳定的发展势头。
Specifically, the SAPPRFT said the total box office of China in 2016 reached 45.7 billion yuan (around 6.6 billion USD), an increase of 3.7 percent over 2015.
具体来说，广电总局表示，2016年中国票房总额达到457亿元人民币（约66亿美元），比2015年增长3.7％。
The number of moviegoers in 2016 reached 1.37 billion, an increase of nearly 8.9 percent year-on-year.
2016年观影人数达到13.7亿人次，同比增长近8.9％。
Among the 772 movies made in China in 2016, 43 of them reached a box office of over 100 million yuan. Chinese movies harvested an overseas box office of 3.8 billion yuan in 2016 with a yearly increase of over 38%.
在2016年中国制作的772部电影中，有43部的票房超过了1个亿。中国电影在2016年收获了38亿元的海外票房，年增长率超过38％。
Experts say that 2016 was a remarkable year for the Chinese film industry as it realized growth while facing multiple challenges including the rapid development of the internet, the increasingly sophisticated tastes of Chinese audiences, and the economic downturn in the country.
专家表示，2016年对中国电影业来说是非凡的一年，因为它实现增长的同时面临着多种挑战，包括互联网的快速发展、中国观众日益高雅的品味和国家的经济衰退。
The growth has laid a solid foundation for the development of the film industry in China in the future, the experts added.
这种增长为中国电影业未来的发展奠定了坚实的基础。
The number of candidates for the 2016 national civil service exam has surpassed last year's numbers, with more than 132,000 applicants on Tuesday－the most in a single day－deemed qualified for the exam.
2016年国家公务员考试报名人数已经超过去年，仅周二一天，符合考试条件的报考人员就达到13.2万人以上，这是单日报考人数最高的一天。
According to figures from Zhonggong Education, an institute that monitors the applicant numbers, more than 459,600 people applied to take the exam by the sixth day of this year's application window on Tuesday. Almost 103,000 of those had applied on Monday.
根据中公教育（一家统计公务员报考人数的机构）的数据，在今年公务员考试报名的第六天，也就是周二，累计报考人数已超过45.96万，其中周一一天的报名人数几乎达到10.3万。
A record 27,817 civil service jobs are being offered this year by central government departments and subsidiaries.
今年中央各部门及下属部门的招考岗位达到27,817个，创下历史新高。
The most sought-after job as of Tuesday remained a position offered by the China Employment Training Technical Instruction Center in Beijing, which had drawn 1,430 applicants, the institute said.
中公教育表示，周二报名的岗位中最抢手的是位于北京的中国就业培训技术指导中心的职位，已有1430人报考了该职位。
The second most sought-after job, according to Zhonggong, was a position offered by the regional earthquake bureau in the Inner Mongolia autonomous region, which had 768 applicants as of Tuesday.
紧随其后的是内蒙古自治区地方地震局的一个岗位，周二有768名报考者选择了该岗位。
However, another 876 jobs being offered have not registered a single applicant as of Tuesday, according to Zhonggong. For instance, nobody has so far shown any interest in becoming a railway police officer in Shanghai and Xi'an.
该机构还表示，周二仍有876个岗位无人报名，其中包括上海和西安的铁路警察。
The application window will close on Saturday, and successful candidates must pass the 2016 national civil service exam, which starts on Nov 29, before they're granted a job interview in March.
报名窗口将于周六关闭，报名成功者须参加11月29号的2016年国家公务员考试，考试通过后才可以参加明年3月的面试。
In 2013, the total number of applicants who qualified for the national service exam reached a record 1.52 million. In 2014, the total number decreased for the first time in four years to 1.41 million, the People's Daily website said.
人民日报官网表示，2013年符合报考条件的人数到达历史最高——152万，2014年为141万人，这是四年来报考人数首次出现下降。
"Based on experience from previous years, the number of applicants could sharply increase as the application window closes, especially during the last three days of application," an unidentified official with the Ministry of Human Resource and Social Security said on the ministry's website.
人力资源和社会保障部的一位官员称：“根据往年的经验，在报名窗口快关闭时，报名人数会剧增，尤其是在最后三天。”
The official said that some posts are more popular than others because they do not have strict requirements on education or work backgrounds of the applicants, and the jobs that have drawn thousands of applicants in recent years generally fall into such a category.
这位官员表示，相比其他职位来说，那些对教育背景或工作经历没有特殊要求的职位更受欢迎，近些年报名人数达到数千人的基本上都是这种职位。
Meanwhile, 78 percent of the civil service jobs offered this year are posts at county or district levels, as the central government seeks to steer more college graduates to jobs at city and county levels, he said.
同时，该官员称，由于中央政府鼓励更多的大学毕业生到市县工作，今年的招录岗位中，有78％是区、县级的工作。
In a sign that civil service jobs may be losing their appeal, a report issued by recruitment website Zhaopin in late March said more than 10,000 public sector employees, including civil servants and staff members at public institutions, had submitted their resumes to potential employers through the site in just two months. The number was 34 percent higher during the same period last year, the report said.
有迹象显示，人们对公务员的热情可能正在消减，招聘网在三月底发布的一份报告称，仅仅两个月，已有1万多名公共单位职员通过该网站提交了简历，其中包括公务员和公共机构工作人员。报告还表示，去年同一时期，提交简历的人数比今年高34%。
Given a choice, Chinese university graduates prefer to find employment rather than start a company.
在就业和创业之间进行抉择时，中国的大学毕业生偏向于前者。
A report by human resources website Zhaopin released recently found that only 3.1 percent of students expecting to graduate in July said they will start their own business, down from 6.3 percent in 2015.
智联招聘最近的一份调查报告显示，在参与调查的2016届应届毕业生中，毕业后选择创业的比例为仅仅只有3.1%，而2015年的比例是6.3%。
"The Chinese government, universities and investors have provided a friendly environment for young startups. However, the failure rate of fresh graduates founding startups is still too high due to the lack of experience, resources and networking," said Wang Yixin, a senior consultant at Zhaopin.
智联招聘高级职业顾问王一新表示：“虽然国家政策、各大高校和投资环境给大学生创业提供了良好的土壤，但鉴于大学生经验欠缺、资源积累不足、人脉不足等原因，目前大学生创业成功的概率并不高。”
"In addition, universities have paid a lot of attention to cultivating innovation instead of starting up companies. This is another reason for the low desire on campus to found startups."
“加之相比创业，高校更注重培养学生的创新意识。这也是大学生创业意向如此低的另一个原因。”
At the same time, college graduates' interest in further education has also dwindled, leading to an increase in students wanting employment from 71.2 percent last year to 75.6 percent this year. Nearly 30 percent of those graduates accepted offers from the internet industry, which is among the highest paying.
与此同时，大学毕业生选择继续深造的意向也降低了，这让今年选择就业的人数比例达到了75.6%，而去年这一数据为71.2%。
Zhang Jingxiu, executive director of Beijing-based employment consultancy Newjincin Research Institute, said he didn't monitor the significant decrease of students' willingness to start businesses, but he does admit the desire to found startups among students on campus is low.
提供就业指导工作的北京新锦程研究院的执行院长张景岫表示，他并没看到高校学生的创业意向有降低的趋势，但是他承认学生的自主创业意向很低。
"Students are not suited for starting businesses on their own," said Zhang, adding that vocational students are more eager to start businesses than university undergraduates.
张景岫说：“学生本身并不适合创业。”他补充说道，职业院校的学生比大学生更渴望自主创业。
"According to our survey last year, only 0.6 to 0.7 percent of students at universities were thinking about starting their own companies. The number among vocational school students was as high as 2.2 percent. However, the idea of vocational students starting businesses is related more to creating jobs for themselves, and the majority of them have chosen to have online shops."
“根据我们去年的调查，仅仅只有0.6%-0.7%的大学生有自主创业的意向。而这个比例在职业院校达2.2%。然而，职业院校的学生创业的目的是为了为自己创造就业岗位，并且大多数人选择了开网店。”
In the past 12 months, more than 20 provinces have introduced policies to encourage students to start their own companies by allowing them to quit studying but keep their student status for two to eight years. However, many industry insiders insist that students complete their studies and work a few years first.
在过去的一年中，20多个省推出鼓励学生创业的政策，在创业期间，允许学生休学2至8年，并保留其学籍。然而，很多行业内部坚持学生应该首先完成学业，并先工作几年。
Chen Yu, vice-president of the China Association for Employment Promotion, said a startup may be meaningful, but one should not expect too much from it.
中国就业促进会副会长陈宇表示，虽然创业意义重大，但是我们不应该对此有太高的期望值。
"Some geniuses in the internet industry created miracles, but that does not tell the whole story," said Chen. "Business has its own rules. Before you start up, you have to know how to produce products, how to sell them, how to manage a company. Those lessons you cannot expect a fresh graduate to know."
陈宇说：“一些互联网行业的天才创造了很多奇迹，但这并不代表一切。每个行业都有各自的规则。在你在这一行业开始之前，你必须要知道如何生产产品，如何销售，如何经营一家公司。我们不能期待一个刚刚毕业的大学生一开始就知道这些经验。”
Recently, a recruitment website issued the Investigation Report of Employability of 2016 Graduates. The report notes that starting salaries for 2016 graduates are 4765 Yuan, nearly 30% graduates to enter the Internet industry which provide the highest average salary.
近日，某招聘行业网站发布《2016年应届毕业生就业力调研报告》。报告指出，2016年应届毕业生起薪为4765元，近三成毕业生进入互联网行业，同时互联网行业的平均月薪最高。
The report shows that compared with that in 2015, the percentage of graduates to start up business are significantly decreased from 6.3% to 3.1% in 2016.
报告显示，与2015年相比，2016年选择创业的应届毕业生比例明显下降，由6.3%降至3.1%。
Meanwhile, the proportion of 2016 graduates to select employment is increased, which goes up to 75.6% from 71.2% in 2015.
同时，2016年应届毕业生选择就业的比例有所上升，比例由2015年的71.2%提高到 75.6%。
It is said in the report that the three major industries that graduates expected to work for are it/internet/telecommunications/electronics industry, financial industry/ banking/investment/fund/securities/insurance, government/public service/non-profit-making institutions.
报告称，毕业生期望就业的三大行业依次为IT/互联网/通讯/电子、金融/银行/投资/基金/证券/保险、政府/公共事业/非盈利机构。
Among them, IT/Internet/telecommunications/electronics industries absorb nearly 30% 2016 graduates for the rapid development.
其中，由于IT/互联网/通讯/电子行业迅猛发展，吸纳了近三成的2016年应届毕业生。
The highest average monthly salary for 2016 graduates is 5693 Yuan in IT/Internet/telecommunications/electronics industries; second is financial industry and culture/sports/entertainment/media industries with average salaries level of 4685 Yuan and 4552 Yuan respectively; monthly salaries in agricultural/forest/grassland farming/fishing, and services/ educational sports/industrial arts are relatively low among signed graduates, respectively are 3500 Yuan, 3873 Yuan and 3900 Yuan.
平均月薪最高的为IT/互联网/通讯/电子行业，应届生平均薪资水平为5693元；其次是金融行业和文化/体育/娱乐/传媒，平均薪资水平分别为4685元和4552元；农/林/牧/渔/其他、服务业和文教体育/工艺美术是应届生签约行业中薪资水平较低的行业，月薪分别为3500元、3873元和3900元。
The University of St Gallen’s domination of the Financial Times’ ranking of masters in management courses continues for another year.
瑞士圣加伦大学(St Gallen)今年继续在英国《金融时报》2016年管理学硕士(MiM)全球排行榜上蝉联冠军。
The Swiss school came top of the list of 90 best masters programmes worldwide in 2016, winning its sixth consecutive crown.
这家瑞士学校在2016年全球90个最佳管理学硕士项目中荣登榜首，连续6年夺冠。
France’s HEC Paris and Essec Business School remained second and third, respectively, for the third year running.
法国的巴黎高等商学院(HEC Paris)和法国高等经济商业学院(Essec Business School)连续第三年分列第二和第三。
The 2016 ranking features a record 90 programmes, up from 70 in 2014.
今年的排行榜包括90个管理学硕士项目，创历来最高纪录，多于2015年的80个。
The ranking is based on data collected from two surveys: one of the participating business schools and the other of alumni who graduated three years ago — the class of 2013.
这个排行榜是依据两项调查收集的数据编制的：一项调查针对参与排名的商学院，另一项针对这些商学院在3年前毕业的校友（即2013届学员）。
The ranking is in part based on how successful alumni have been in their careers, as reflected in the salary data.
排名部分基于校友们在职场上的成功程度，衡量标准为薪资数据。
The average salary of St Gallen’s alumni jumped to $102,000 three years after graduation compared with $90,000 last year.
圣加伦大学校友在毕业3年后的平均年薪增至10.2万美元，去年这个数字为9万美元。
It is the thirdhighest overall behind the two Indian management academies at Ahmedabad and Bangalore, with respective salaries of $109,000 and $106,000.
该学校在这个指标上位列全球第三，排在位于艾哈迈德巴德和班加罗尔的两所印度管理学院之后，这两所学校校友的平均薪资分别为10.9万美元和10.6万美元。
The school ranks first for alumni satisfaction.
圣加伦大学在校友满意度方面排名居首。
We were forced to leave our comfort zone but were rewarded with unique experiences, says one graduate.
一名校友表示：我们被迫远离了安逸，但获得了独特的体验。
Overall, St Gallen’s alumni report a 95 per cent satisfaction level, 2 percentage points more than the alumni from London Business School and WHU Beisheim.
该学校校友的总体满意度为95%，比伦敦商学院(London Business School)和德国WHU奥拓贝森管理研究院(WHU Beisheim)高出两个百分点。
Other high points for the school include being first for alumni international mobility, second for international experience and third for job placement.
圣加伦大学其他单项高分包括在校友国际流动性方面排名第一，在国际体验方面屈居亚军，在就业安置方面排名第三。
Elsewhere, Stockholm School of Economics was a big winner, climbing 16 places to 28, not only recording the best year-on-year progression but also recovering from a drop of 11 places last year.
斯德哥尔摩经济学院(Stockholm School of Economics)是今年排行榜上的大赢家，该学校的排名攀升16个位次，排在第28位，不仅排名晋升速度为年度最快，而且扭转了去年排名下滑11位的局面。
Meanwhile, La Rochelle Business School dropped 12 places to 60 having been last year’s highest climber.
与此同时，法国拉罗谢尔高等商学院(La Rochelle Business School)的排名却下滑12个位置，排在第60位，去年该学校是排名上升最快的学校之一。
Nova School of Business and Economics consolidated last year’s strong performance by climbing a further 14 places to 17.
葡萄牙诺瓦商业与经济学院(Nova School of Business and Economics)巩固了去年的强劲表现，排名进一步攀升14个位置，排在了第17位。
The Portuguese school has risen 31 places over the past two years since its International Master in Management course was first included in the ranking.
自该学校的国际管理学硕士(International Master in Management)项目首次被纳入榜单以来，该学校的排名在过去两年上升31个位置。
It has now entered the top 20 for the first time.
今年，该学校首次跻身前20强。
While heavily dominated by French and English schools, accounting for 44 per cent of the table, the ranking is more diverse than ever with schools from 25 countries.
尽管榜单上以法国和英国学校居多，占全部上榜学校的44%，但今年的排行榜比以往任何时候都更多元化，上榜学校来自25个国家。
Notably, among the nine schools ranked for the first time, WP Carey School of Business at the Arizona State University is the first US institution to take part in the ranking, having entered at 82.
引人注目的是，在首次上榜的9所学校中，亚利桑那州立大学(Arizona State University)的WP凯瑞商学院(WP Carey School of Business)成为首次参与此项排名的美国学校，排在第82位。
The highest newly ranked school is Université Paris-Dauphine at 57.
新上榜学校中排名最高的是巴黎第九大学(Université Paris-Dauphine)，排在第57位。
Unlike MBAs, masters in management are targeted at those at the beginning of their career.
与工商管理硕士(MBA)不同，管理学硕士项目针对的是尚未进入职场或者初入职场的人士。
They are typically designed for students with an average age of 22.
这些项目一般是为平均年龄22岁的学员设计的。
About 60 per cent have not yet worked and a further 30 per cent have less than two years’ experience.
约60%的学员尚未参加工作，另有30%的学员拥有不到两年的工作经验。
When many millennials struggle to find jobs or make do in low-skilled positions, these masters programmes achieve strong employment rates thanks to their links with corporate partners and alumni networks.
当很多千禧一代很难找到工作或在低技能岗位上将就时，凭着项目本身与公司合作伙伴的联系以及校友网络，这些管理学硕士项目的毕业生获得了很高的就业率。
More than 90 per cent of alumni from the most recent graduating classes accepted a job offer within three months of completing their programme.
在最新毕业的这届校友中，超过90%在结束项目后的3个月内接受了工作邀请。
The school’s network was vital in helping me find a job in one of the most prestigious companies worldwide, says one graduate from Rotterdam School of Management. The company was a corporate partner so I basically received the job application in my mailbox.
我在世界最知名的公司之一找到了一份工作，对此学校的关系网络起到了重要的作用，鹿特丹管理学院(Rotterdam School of Management)一名毕业生表示，这家公司是学校的一个公司合作伙伴，因此我基本上是在我的邮箱收到工作申请书的。
A colourful and exhaustive biography of Alan Greenspan, the former chairman of the US Federal Reserve, is this year’s Financial Times and McKinsey Business Book of the Year.
今年的英国《金融时报》和麦肯锡年度最佳商业图书奖(Financial Times and McKinsey Business Book of the Year Award)，颁给了一部描写前美联储(Fed)主席艾伦.格林斯潘(Alan Greenspan)的传记，其内容引人入胜、面面俱到。
The Man Who Knew, by Sebastian Mallaby, is the 12th winner of the ￡30,000 award, which goes to the “most compelling and enjoyable” title of the year.
这部由塞巴斯蒂安.马拉比(Sebastian Mallaby)所著的《知者：格林斯潘传》(The Man Who Knew)，是这项奖金额为3万英镑的奖项的第12位获奖者。该奖项奖励的是年度“最令人瞩目和愉悦的”图书。
It is the first biography to win the prize, although Mr Greenspan’s autobiography, The Age of Turbulence, was shortlisted in 2007, the year before the financial crisis raised serious questions about the central banker’s legacy.
这是传记类作品首次赢得该奖项，尽管格林斯潘的自传《动荡年代》(The Age of Turbulence)曾在2007年入围终选名单——一年之后爆发的金融危机，引发了对这位中央银行家遗产的强烈质疑。
“The Man Who Knew is an impressive work of scholarship,” Lionel Barber, editor of the FT and chair of the book award judges, said. “It’s a masterpiece of political economy and, above all, it’s a great and enjoyable read.”
评委会主席、英国《金融时报》总编辑莱昂内尔.巴伯(Lionel Barber)表示：“《知者》是一部令人印象深刻的学术著作，一部关于政治经济学的杰作，最重要的是，它是一部伟大和令人愉悦的读物。”
Mr Mallaby’s 800-page book was published in October by Bloomsbury and Penguin Press, and was hailed as “exceptional” in an FT review. It came up against strong competition from five other shortlisted books tackling the world’s critical economic and management challenges — from the US productivity gap to persistent gender imbalances.
马拉比这部长达800页的作品今年10月由布鲁姆斯伯里出版社(Bloomsbury)和企鹅出版社(Penguin Press)出版。英国《金融时报》的一篇书评称赞该书“非比寻常”。该书是在同终选名单中的另外五部作品展开激烈竞争后脱颖而出的。另五部作品尝试解决的是世界上一些重要的经济与管理难题——从美国的生产率缺口，到持续存在的性别失衡。
Mr Mallaby accepted the award at a dinner in London on November 22, where the guest speaker was Dido Harding, chief executive of TalkTalk, the UK telecoms group.
11月22日，马拉比在伦敦的一场晚宴上领取了该奖。英国电信集团TalkTalk行政总裁迪多.哈丁(Dido Harding)应邀在晚宴上发表了演讲。
Every January for the past decade I have handed out awards for horrible use of language in business. Usually the task amuses me. This year I have found the sheer weight of euphemism, grammatical infelicity, disingenuity and downright ugliness so lowering I have decided to start the 2016 Golden Flannel Awards with something more uplifting: a prize for clarity.
十年来，每年年初我都会从上一年企业界惊现的胡说八道中评选出个中翘楚。我常常乐此不疲。今年我发现那些委婉语、拧巴话、不知所谓的表达还有赤裸裸的恶心话在水准上普遍很不给力，所以我决定2016年度“金废话奖”(Golden Flannel Awards)要从一个比较来劲的奖项——大白话奖——讲起。
I am calling this the Wan Long prize, after the Chinese meat magnate who once uttered the clearest sentence ever spoken by a CEO: “What I do is kill pigs and sell meat.” Mr Wan will surely approve of my winner, a BNSF railway executive who told a conference: “We move stuff from one place to another.”
我叫它“万隆奖”，该奖得名于一位中国肉业大亨，人家身为CEO却无比坦诚地宣称：“我就是个杀猪卖肉的。”万隆先生一定会同意我把这个奖颁给北伯林顿铁路公司(BNSF)的一位高管，这位仁兄在一次会议上说：“我们把东西从一个地方运到另一个地方。”
This elegant, informative and borderline beautiful sentence is a reminder that despite the horrific nature of the entries below, clarity remains attainable.
这句简练、言之有物、几乎可称之为妙语的话提醒我们，即便接下来的奖项都相当雷人，还是有人能够做到直白的。
I used to think guff was a product of failure and mediocrity — it existed because the truth was too painful, or because executives had not bothered to ascertain what the truth was.
我原以为胡扯是失败与庸俗的产物——它的存在是因为真相往往太伤人，或者高管们懒得弄明原委。
Indeed, last year produced the usual crop of new euphemisms for firing people. Infosys announced an “orderly ramp-down of about 3,000 persons”. Upworthy, a small media company, had the nerve to call sacking 14 people an “investment lay-off”. Otherwise, 2016 proved that the most egregious jargon is a sign not of failure, but of overexcitement.
实际上，去年新出炉的炒鱿鱼委婉用语(euphemisms for firing people)跟往年的产量差不多。Infosys宣称“井然有序地实现了一次3000人的人员递减”。Upworthy，一家规模不大的媒体公司，在解雇了14名员工后竟然大言不惭地称这是一次“投资性裁员”。反言之，2016年最极品的行话体现出的不是失败，而是兴奋过头。
People promoting driverless cars, the most hyped industry segment of the moment, became world leaders in verbiage. Elon Musk claimed to be “laser-focused on achieving full self-driving capability on one integrated platform with an order of magnitude greater safety than the average manually driven car” (ie Tesla cars must stop crashing).
无人驾驶汽车是当下炒作得最火的行业，这类汽车的倡导者已成为冗词赘语的世界级领军人物。埃隆?马斯克(Elon Musk)自称“要在一个安全系数超出人工驾驶数量级倍数的一体化平台上专注于全自动驾驶的实现”。（就是说特斯拉肯定能防止车祸的发生）。
Better still was Iain Roberts, global managing director of the design company Ideo, who asked a question to which I hope never to hear the answer: “How to activate insights around latent mobility or multimodal needs?”
更强的是设计公司Ideo的全球董事总经理伊恩?罗伯茨(Iain Roberts)，他问了一个我一点都不感兴趣的问题：“怎样激发人们去洞察潜在机动性或多模式需求？”
But the runaway winner was Ford CEO Mark Fields, who began the year with the depressing news that his company was “transitioning from an auto company to an auto company and a mobility company”. He then went on to declare: “Heritage is history with a future.” He was so chuffed with this, he said it more than once. On hearing it repeated, I’ve concluded it is less gnomic than downright moronic. Mr Fields is thus my new Chief Obfuscation Champion.
而最终取得压倒性胜利的是福特公司(Ford)的CEO马克?菲尔茨(Mark Fields)，去年年初他曾令人沮丧地宣布他的公司正“从一家汽车公司向一家汽车公司兼出行公司转型”。他紧接着声称：“遗产是蕴藏着前景的历史。”他超爱这句话，说了不止一次。这句话被他翻来覆去地说，让我觉得它不像格言反倒更像废话。因此本年度新晋“首席蒙人冠军”(Chief Obfuscation Champion)非菲尔茨先生莫属。
The PR industry excelled itself with increasingly fancy descriptions for the basic activities of emailing, talking and meeting. Entrants included: “I want to jump on your radar” (a bad idea, as if you jump on radars they break) and “let’s find a time to connect to mutually update”. My favourite came from a PR man named Michael who wrote: “I hope you don’t mind the outreach.” Alas, I do mind. To reach out has always been hateful, but making it a noun, and reversing the word order, does not help. Michael, you’ve won the Communications cup.
公关行业胜在连基本的发邮件、说话和开会都能玩出无穷的花样。入围作品有：“我想跳上你的雷达”（别，你要跳上来雷达就完了）还有“我们找时间联系，相互更新一下情况”。我最喜欢的是这个，一位名叫迈克尔的这样写道：“希望你别介意这次广推(outreach)。”哎吗，我很介意。主动凑上去(reach out)已经够让人腻歪的了，就算你把它当名词使，还颠倒了词序，也并没啥用好吗。迈克尔，“沟通杯”(Communications cup)归你了。
Take the intriguing reintroduction of “unfeigned regards” — last big in the 18th century and now found on emails from Indian help centres. But the winning sign-off, at the bottom of a message sent one Friday, was: “weekend well”. I nearly awarded it second prize for the best noun pretending to be a verb, though at the last minute this award was snatched by a consultant overheard saying: “Can we cold towel that?”
有趣的是，“真诚的问候”(unfeigned regards)又重回我们的视野——人们现在可以在印度服务中心的邮件上见到这一18世纪末的流行语。而更胜一筹的是这个签名，一个周五我收到了一则消息，末尾处写到：“周末好”(weekend well)。我差点将最佳名词使动用法奖也颁给它，不料最后一刻却杀出一匹黑马，一位顾问无意中说了句：“我们能把那件事冷毛巾一下吗？”(Can we cold towel that?)
While he wins the Nerb prize, the sister prize, for the best verb masquerading as a noun, is won by another consultant who referred to a “global touch-base”.
他赢得了名动词奖，而其姐妹奖，最佳动词名词化奖，则由另一位顾问凭借这句“全球联络”(global touch-base)摘得。
Siemens broke records last year by winning two awards for renaming its healthcare business Healthineers. Not only does it land the Martin Lukes prize for the worst combination of two words, the accompanying video, featuring a singing CEO and writhing spandex-clad employees, wins a gold medal for most embarrassing company song of all time.
西门子(Siemens)去年破纪录了，通过将医疗部更名为Healthineers一举斩获两项大奖。该公司不仅因为将两个单词生拼硬造出另一个无比蹩脚的新词从而荣获“马丁?卢克斯奖”(Martin Lukes prize)，同时还凭借现场视频中一位倾情演唱的CEO和身着氨纶紧身衣卖力献舞的员工们，摘得史上最尴尬企业歌曲的金牌。
My favourite award every year is for a spurious renaming of a common noun. A couple of years ago, Speedo rechristened the swimming cap a “hair management system”. Last year, Falke went one better by renaming a line of socks “Life Performance Solutions”.
“常见物乱更名奖”，每年都是我的心头好。几年前，Speedo曾将泳帽改称为 “头发管理系统”(hair management system)。去年，Falke更绝，将一款袜子称作“生活问题解决方案”(Life Performance Solutions)。
Falke’s fall from grace is sad, but nothing compared with eBay. The company I thought I would love forever for supplying my entire wardrobe and the contents of my house told the New York Times: “We are passionate about harnessing our platform to empower millions of people by levelling the playing field for them.”
Falke的最终失利令人扼腕，但eBay的表现确实无可匹敌。我以为自己对eBay的爱将矢志不渝，因为鄙人全部的穿戴和家中物件均来自这家公司，而它却向《纽约时报》(the New York Times)表示：“我们热切希望利用我们的平台，通过营造公平的竞争环境来造福数百万人。”
Bingo! In fewer than 20 words it combined five previous years’ winners, only to say nothing at all. With a heavy heart, I award eBay my overall Golden Flannel Award for 2016.
干得漂亮！在不到20个词的一句话里，eBay集前五届冠军之长，做到了啥也没说。怀着沉重的心情，我将2016年度金废话奖总冠军授予eBay。
Apple tops the list of World's 500 Most Influential Brands for 2016, compiled by New York-based World Brand Lab and released last Monday.
总部位于纽约的世界品牌实验室编纂并于上周一发布了《2016世界品牌500强》榜单，苹果公司夺得了第一名的宝座。
Google and Amazon rank second and third respectively.
谷歌和亚马逊分居第二、三名。
Thirty-six Chinese brands have made it onto the list this year. Among them, eight are in the top 100, including the State Grid Corporation of China (36), the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (ICBC) (40), Tencent (43), China Central Television (CCTV) (62), Haier (76), China Mobile (79), Huawei (81) and Lenovo (90).
今年上榜的中国品牌有36个，其中8个进入前100名，包括国家电网(36)、中国工商银行(40)、腾讯(43)、央视(62)、海尔(76)、中国移动(79)、华为(81)和联想(90)。
The 500 brands come from 28 different countries, among which nearly half, 227, are from the US.
500个品牌来自28个不同国家，其中近半(227个)来自美国。
They come mostly from 50 different industries including food and beverage, automobiles and auto components, media, retail, energy and the Internet.
它们大多来自50个不同的行业，包括食品和饮料、汽车和汽车零部件、媒体、零售、能源和互联网。
American brands such as Chipotle, Texas Instruments and General Dynamics are on the list for the first time.
美国品牌如Chipotle、德克萨斯仪器公司和通用动力第一次出现在了该榜单上。
New Chinese firms on the list include Vanke, China Railway Engineering Corporation (CREC) and China Taiping Insurance.
而新上榜的中国公司则包括万科、中铁公司和中国太平保险。
Beijing ranked No 3 on the list of top 10 most congested cites in China, following Jinan and Harbin, according to a report by China Academy of Transportation Sciences.
交通运输部科学研究院近日发布的报告显示，北京位居全国十大最拥堵城市排行榜第三，排在济南、哈尔滨之后。
Jinan took the first spot partly because of massive infrastructure construction such as building a subway and other projects designed to better use rainwater. Harbin's heavy traffic during rush hour is more due to poor urban planning, according to the report.
报告指出，济南位列榜首的部分原因是该市在进行大规模基础设施建设，如修建地铁和旨在优化雨水利用的其他工程。哈尔滨高峰时段严重拥堵则更多是因为城市规划不合理。
The report also found traffic congestion in first-tier cities such as Beijing, Shenzhen, Guangzhou and Shanghai have stopped getting worse with local government efforts.
报告还发现，在当地政府的努力下，北京、深圳、广州、上海等一线城市的交通拥堵状况没有恶化。
The four megalopolises also saw fewer traffic jams after November due to reasons ranging from less travel in winter and smoggy days to the return of migrant workers to their hometowns.
这四个特大城市在11月之后则经历了交通拥堵状况的缓解，这可能与冬季用户出行减少、雾霾、外出打工人员返乡等多重因素有关。
In comparison, second-tier cities reported worsening congestion, an increase of 3.7% on average, with Chongqing, Changchun, Jiaxing and Shenyang leading the rate of growth at over 7%.
相比之下，二线城市通报拥堵状况加剧，其平均拥堵涨幅达3.7%，其中重庆、长春、嘉兴、沈阳的拥堵涨幅最高，超过7%。
Hangzhou in Zhejiang Province and Shenzhen in Guangdong Province made the biggest progress in improving traffic with measures including vehicle restrictions and better road links, said the report.
报告指出，浙江省的杭州市以及广东省的深圳市通过车辆限制及更好的道路连接等方式，在提升交通状况上取得了最大的进步。
Interestingly, a survey found Beijing was thought to be the most congested city in China, among 31.8 percent of respondents, followed by Zhengzhou at 8.8 percent.
有趣的是，一项调查发现，31.8%的受访者认为北京是中国最拥堵的城市，而8.8%的人则认为郑州是中国最拥堵的城市。
重点单词
查看全部解释
regulate
['regju.leit,'regjuleit]
想一想再看
vt. 管理，调整，控制
联想记忆
X
单词regulate 联想记忆：
reg统治，ulate－管制
qualified
['kw?lifaid]
想一想再看
adj. 有资格的，有限制的
联想记忆
X
单词qualified 联想记忆：
源于：qualify（v 使具有资格；限制）
administration
[?d.mini'strein]
想一想再看
n. 行政，管理，行政部门
联想记忆
X
单词administration 联想记忆：
ad+(mini小+ster→小人→古代大臣称自己是“小人”→部长，大臣)→做部长→管理，治理+ation→行政，管理
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
draft
[dr?ft]
想一想再看
n. 草稿，草图，汇票，徵兵
vt. 起草，征
diligent
['dilidnt]
想一想再看
adj. 勤奋的，用功的
association
[?.s?usi'ein]
想一想再看
n. 联合，结合，交往，协会，社团，联想
联想记忆
X
单词association 联想记忆：
as加强＋soc社会+ion→社团；联合
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
associate
[?'s?u?ieit]
想一想再看
n. 同伴，伙伴，合伙人
n. 准学士学位获得
联想记忆
X
单词associate 联想记忆：
as朝向，soci（同伴，社会）－成为同伴－联合
document
['d?kjum?nt]
想一想再看
n. 文件，公文，文档
vt. 记载，(用文件
联想记忆
X
单词document 联想记忆：
docu[=doc教]+ment→用来教的东西→文件;证书
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang delivers a government work report during the opening meeting of the fourth session of the 12th National People's Congress at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, capital of China, Mar 5, 2016.
3月5日，第十二届全国人民代表大会第四次会议在人民大会堂举行开幕会，国务院总理李克强作政府工作报告。
The Belt and Road Initiative: The Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st-Century Maritime Silk Road
“一带一路”战略：“丝绸之路经济带”和“21世纪海上丝绸之路”
An oversight model drawing on random inspections by randomly selected law enforcement officers or inspectors and requiring the prompt release of results
“双随机、一公开”监管：随机抽取检查对象，随机选派执法检查人员，及时公布查处结果
Three stricts and three honests: Be strict in morals, power and disciplining oneself; be honest in decisions, business and behavior
三严三实：既严以修身、严以用权、严以律己，又谋事要实、创业要实、做人要实
The strategy of Four comprehensives: Comprehensively building a moderately prosperous society, comprehensively driving reform to a deeper level, comprehensively governing the country in accordance with the law, and comprehensively enforcing strict Party discipline
“四个全面”战略布局：全面建成小康社会是我们的战略目标，全面深化改革、全面依法治国、全面从严治党是三大战略举措
Five development concept of innovation, harmonization, green, openness and sharing
五大发展理念：创新、协调、绿色、开放、共享的发展理念
Promote all-round economic, political, cultural, social, and ecological progress
“五位一体”总体布局：经济建设、政治建设、文化建设、社会建设、生态文明建设
Manufacturer of advanced and quality products
质量强国、制造强国
Platforms will be created for crowd innovation, crowd support, crowdsourcing, and crowdfunding
打造众创、众包、众扶、众筹平台
A Beautiful China where the sky is blue, the land is green, and the water runs clear
天蓝、地绿、水清的美丽中国
Targeted poverty alleviation
精准扶贫脱贫
Supply-side structural reform: Cutting overcapacity, destocking, deleveraging, reducing costs and identifying growth areas
供给侧结构性改革：去产能、去库存、去杠杆、降成本、补短板
Inclusive and green finance
普惠金融和绿色金融
Mass entrepreneurship and innovation
大众创业，万众创新
Coordinated reform of medical services, medical insurance, and the medicine industry
医疗、医保、医药联动改革
Build the armed forces through political work and reform, and run them by law
政治建军、改革强军、依法治军
Since 1983 the annual Spring Festival Gala hosted by China Central Television has always been an important part of the Chinese Lunar New Year celebration - no wonder every move organizers make becomes the center of attention.
自1983年以来，每年的央视春晚就成为了中国人民春节必不可少的重要组成部分，也难怪主办方的每个举动都能成为关注的焦点。
On Thursday it published its mascot for 2016, the Year of the Monkey, and instantly it became a hit on the Internet; unfortunately some people deemed it "very ugly".
周四，央视公布了2016猴年春晚的吉祥物后，就迅速成为互联网上的热议话题。不幸的是，不少网友称被其“丑哭”。
The sketch of a monkey in an ink painting was made by Chinese contemporary artist Han Meilin, who also designed the "Fuwa" mascots for the 2008 Beijing Olympic Games. The ink painting was deemed "cute" by most web users, and represents a traditional art style. The program producer named the monkey "Kang Kang", which means "healthy" in Chinese.
吉祥猴的水墨设计草图由中国当代艺术家、北京奥运会吉祥物“福娃”的创作者之一韩美林设计的。这幅中国传统水墨画的设计被网友认为“萌萌哒”，代表了中国传统艺术风格。节目制作人将吉祥猴命名为“康康”，在中国表健康之意。
But the 3D version of the mascot image failed to dodge bullets, as critical netizens sneered at this version: "Reminds me of green and red lights." "Lost all the flair of that ink painting" "What are those balls under its ears?" "It is so ugly that I just want to cry."
但3D版吉祥猴的形象却未能避开炮击，挑剔的网友纷纷吐槽：“这让我想起红绿灯！”；“水墨画的精髓全然不见”；“耳朵下面的两个球是什么呀，太抢镜了……”；“已被它丑哭。”
Han said on his social media that he only designed the original version of the mascot, which is the ink painting, but didn't participate in the 3D model design. "Of course we believe the ugly stuff has nothing to do with you," Web users said, responding to the respected artist.
韩美林在他的社交媒体上表示，他只设计了吉祥物的水墨画原始版本，对3D版并不知情。某网友对此回应了这位德高望重的艺术家：“我们当然相信这只丑猴和韩大师无关。”
In a vote by Sina Weibo，China's Twitter-like website, 58.5 percent of people "liked" the ink painting version of the monkey, only 14.4 percent like the front view of the 3D version, while 12.5 percent want to "change its clothes", supposedly meaning they don't like the colors.
在新浪微博（类似Twitter的一个中国社交平台）的一个投票中， 58.5%的网友“喜欢”水墨画猴子形象，14.4%的人喜欢3D版的正面图，而12.5%的人想“为其换装”，这意味着他们并不喜欢这个颜色。
Annual shipments by Chinese smartphone manufacturers Huawei, OPPO and vivo rocketed all three companies into the world's top 5 smartphone manufacturers last year, according to the latest data released by third-party market intelligence firm IDC.
据第三方市场情报公司IDC日前公布的数据显示，去年中国智能手机制造商华为、OPPO以及vivo的年出货量大增，使得三家企业都成为了世界前5大智能手机制造商。
Global smartphone shipments reached 1.47 billion units in 2016, up by 2.3 percent from last year, said IDC.
据IDC表示，2016年全球智能手机的出货量达到了14.7亿台，同比去年上涨2.3%。
The data showed that Samsung took the top spot, followed by Apple in second place. Even so, the shipments of the two top tech giants declined respectively by 3 percent and 7 percent, demonstrating decreased global market shares.
数据显示，三星仍然占据榜首，其次是苹果。但是即便如此，这前两名的科技公司的出货量却分别下降了3%和7%，全球市场份额出现了下滑。
However, 2016 saw the rise of Chinese mobile phone-makers. Huawei shipments grew 30.2 percent year on year to 139.3 million units, and the company retained its No. 3 position globally.
不过，中国的手机制造商却在2016年实现了崛起。华为出货量同比增长了30.2%，达到了1.393亿台，再次排在全球第三。
In addition, the last quarter of 2016 marked the first time that Huawei achieved a double-digit global market share.
此外，华为在2016年最后一季度第一次实现了2位数的全球市场占有率。
The other two manufacturers, OPPO and vivo, both achieved growth of over 100 percent, shipping 99.4 million and 77.3 million units respectively in 2016.
其他两家手机制造商OPPO和vivo的增长率都超过了100%，在2016年分别出货9940万台和7730万台。
Statistics from another market research firm, Counterpoint, indicate that China shipped 465 million smartphones over the last year, accounting for nearly one-third of the global volume.
据另一家市场研究公司Counterpoint的统计数据显示，中国去年智能手机总出货量达到了4.65亿台，占据全球总量的近三分之一。
IDC believes that the rising disposable income of Chinese people has resulted in greater consumption, which contributed to the rapid growth of the domestic smartphone market.
IDC认为，中国人可支配收入的增加导致了消费的增加，从而推动了国内手机市场的快速增长。
The dumbest 'smart' objects of 2016
2016年最不智能的9种智能产品
In 2016, we've seen a whole lot of new gadgets join the Internet of Things (unfortunately, we've also seen them harnessed by hackers to bring downhuge swaths of the internet). From appliances to clothing, companies really want to sell you the tech that'll make your life "smarter," but sometimes it just makes it slower and dumber. Let's look back on some of the most ridiculous and useless internet-connected gadgets that were produced in the past 12 months.
2016年，我们看到很多新设备加入互联网（不幸的是，我们也看到他们被黑客打倒了大片）。从家用电器到服装，公司很想出售一些能使你的生活“智能化”的产品，但有时反而会适得其反。让我们来回顾在过去的一年里出现的一些最荒谬和最无用的互联网连接设备。
1. Smart mattress
智能床垫
Some smart beds will promise you better sleep and posture, but this one in particular will turn you into a private investigator looking to catch a cheating spouse in the act. Regardless of knowing if it's comfortable, the Smarttress alerts you "whenever someone is using your bed in a questionable way."
一些智能的床会让你有更好的睡眠质量和睡眠姿势，但也会让你变成一个检查配偶是否出轨的私家侦探。除了检测这个床垫是否舒适，它会在有其他人占用你的床的时候提醒你。
The mattress comes with sensors inside the bed that can detect pressure and send messages to the app, which spares no details. The app not only detects movement on the bed, but also records the intensity and speed at which people are getting it on.
床垫内的传感器可以检测压力和发送邮件给你的应用程序，它不会放过任何一个细节。它不仅检测床上运动，还可记录强度和速度。
2. Smart water bottle
智能水瓶
How do you know if you need to drink more water? Well, there's a list of factors: dry lips, dizziness, headaches, low urine output and increased thirst. Yet, this smart bottle wants you to listen more to your phone than to your body.
你如何知道你需要喝水了？这有一系列的诱因：嘴唇发干、头晕、头痛、尿量低和口渴。然而，这种智能瓶能在你的身体意识到缺水前就提醒你。
The Hidrate Spark 2 tracks your water intake by syncing with a mobile app and recording how many ounces of water you drink a day, which can also be tracked by remembering how many times you refilled your bottle labeled with the number of ounces on the side.
Hidrate Spark 2会通过移动App跟踪你的水摄入量和记录你一天喝了多少盎司的水，还可以根据在有盎司数标识的水瓶里灌了几次水来跟踪你的饮水量。
3. Smart laundry peg
智能衣服挂钩
The clothespin dates back to the 1800s, but in 2016 it became "smart." Meet Peggy, the laundry peg that's supposed to "help you lighten the load" by telling you when the washer cycle is over and if the weather is nice enough to hang your clothes outside. The device connects to your phones and sends you alerts when the weather changes or when you need to remove your clothes.
这款智能产品的使用可以追溯到1800年，但在2016年它才变得“智能”。 Meet Peggy，这种洗衣挂钩能够“帮助你减轻负担”，它会在洗衣机洗好衣服的时候提醒你，并告诉你天气是否适宜晾晒衣服。该装置连接到您的手机，它会在天气变化或是需要转移晾衣服的地方时发消息提醒你。
However, you know when your cycles are over when the washer and dryer stop making noise. And you know when the weather is ugly by simply looking outside, or checking your weather app. Therefore, the product is basically just another way hackers can get into your home.
然而一般情况下，你只需注意洗衣机是否停止发出噪声就能来判断洗衣服是否结束。另外你也只要抬头一看外面的天气或者看一下天气预报app，就能知道是否会下雨了。因此，这个产品基本上只是一种黑客进入你家的方式。
4. Smart trashcan
智能垃圾桶
Usually things that go in the trash are of no value and don't need any kind of inspection, but QUBE wants to change that with "the world's first smart trash can." The QUBE claims to help you monitor your trash and help you recycle by using innovative technology.
通常在垃圾桶里东西是没有价值的，不需要任何检查，但Qube试图用“世界上第一个智能垃圾桶”来改变这一现状。Qube声称可以帮助你监控你的垃圾，帮助你利用创新技术回收垃圾。
The QUBE will remind you to recycle, monitor when the trash was last taken out, and tell you to change the air freshener. These are all things people usually remember to do anyway, by the smell and all, but now there's a $300 "elegant" stainless steel can that'll constantly remind you with annoying mobile alerts.
Qube会提醒你注意垃圾回收，在垃圾最后被倒出来的时候进行监控，并告诉你更换空气清新剂。但这些人们通常可以通过嗅觉和其他感觉器官来判断。现在有一个300美元的“优雅”不锈钢，会不断用讨人厌的移动警报提醒你。
5. Smart belt
智能皮带
You'd probably never think that a belt could be integrated with artificial intelligence, yet Belty managed to do it and make it seem stylish. The Beltyautomatically makes you think, "why do I need this?" Then your second thought will probably be, "what if it's hacked and they make it so tight I can't breathe?" The first question is rational; the second one is far-fetched — but if it makes you think twice about buying this product, that's not a bad thing.
你可能从未想过一根皮带可以与人工智能相结合，但Belty做到了，并使它看起来很时尚。这个belty会让你不自觉就觉得，“为什么我需要这个？”然后你想可能会是，“如果是黑客入侵，他们把它系得很紧我不能呼吸该怎么办？”第一个问题是合理的；第二个问题有些牵强，但如果它让你三思而后买这个产品，这并不是一件坏事。
The Belty is great that it uses technology to track fitness, water intake, and posture, but for $395, you might be better off getting the same in a stylish smart watch or activity tracker.
这个belty运用现代科技追踪健康状况，水的摄入量，和动作，但你要花395美元，可能更值得买一个时尚的智能手表或运动手环。
6. Smart refrigerator
智能冰箱
If you want a refrigerator with a screen, might as well just stick an iPad on it. Samsung unveiled a smart refrigerator this summer that connects to wi-fi to help manage groceries and leave notes behind for family members.
如果你想要一个有屏幕的冰箱，不妨把iPad粘在冰箱上。三星在今夏发布了可以连接Wi-Fi的智能冰箱，来帮助管理杂货和给家庭成员留言。
The Family Hub has three internal cameras that connect to your phone to help you see what you do and don't have inside the fridge. So it's basically a $6,000 alternative to classic grocery list written on paper with a pencil.
这个家庭中心内部有三个摄像头，它能够连接到你的手机，你可以通过手机看冰箱里有什么。所以它基本上是一个6000美元替代用纸笔完成购物清单的替代品。
Sure, it plays music, has a calendar, and even entertains the kids, but it could probably also get hacked — just like everything else.
当然，它还播放音乐，也有日历，甚至给孩子提供娱乐游戏，但它也可能像别的东西一样会被黑客攻击。
7. Smart cookie oven
智能烤箱
Everyone loves cookies, but buying a smart cookie oven to make them seems like a bit much. The CHIP cookie oven promises to have freshly baked cookies in just 10 minutes, but regardless of the time, it just seems easier to make a much larger batch using the regular old oven.
每个人都喜欢饼干，但是买一个智能烤箱似乎可以多烤一点。这个烤箱承诺在短短10分钟内就烤好饼干，但不考虑时间的因素，使用老式的烤箱似乎更容易做更多饼干。
The CHIP, which retails for $150, can only bake four full-sized cookies at a time. If you were go the traditional way and bake a large batch in the oven, you'd have anywhere between eight and 12 cookies in under 30 minutes — and it's also cheaper.
芯片的零售价为150美元，但一次只能烤四寸的饼干。如果你用传统的烤箱，在烤箱烤一大批饼干，你也能在30分钟内烤完8到12块饼干，也更加便宜。
8. Smart bottle opener
智能开瓶器
File this under "great, yet stupid gift ideas." The BOx bottle opener claims to be the "world's first smart bottle opener" but it's not groundbreaking. This bottle opener sends a message to your friends via Messenger every time you open a bottle — crazy, right?
这项发明是伟大的，但也是愚蠢的。”这个开瓶器号称是“世界上第一个智能开瓶器”，但它不是突破性的。这个开瓶器能在你开酒瓶的时候通过短信发消息通知你的好友，这很疯狂，对吗？
Despite it being not that different from the typical bottle opener, the BOx does have a nice design made with stainless steel and solid wood.
尽管与普通的开瓶器并无二致，但它拥有精良的设计，是由不锈钢和实木制成的。
9. Smart wine bottle
智能酒瓶
Just like you don't need a smart bottle opener, you don't need a smart wine bottle. The Kuvee is a bottle of wine with a screen on it that helps you learn about your favorite wines. There's really nothing more to it, aside that it keeps track of the wines you've tasted and can keep bottles fresh for up to 30 days.
就像你不需要一个智能开瓶器一样，你同样不需要一个智能酒瓶。kuvee是一个有屏幕的酒瓶，它可以帮助您了解您最喜爱的葡萄酒。除了它还能为你的葡萄酒保鲜30天，其余也没别的什么功能。
The website claims that "the more you sip, the smarter you (and the bottle) get," but in reality the more you sip, the drunker you get and the less information you'll retain.
该网站声称，“越喝，你（和酒瓶）就越聪明，但实际上你喝得越多，你就越醉，脑海中保留的信息也更少。
Bangkok's back!
曼谷王者归来！
The Thai capital has bounced to the top of an annual list of the world's most popular travel destinations after spending several years in the wilderness (of second place).
在最新发布的年度最受欢迎旅游目的地榜单上，泰国首都曼谷重回首位。此前数年曼谷一直徘徊在榜单第二名。
Its return to the throne came at a cost to London which, after occupying pole position for two years, is trading places with its Asian rival.
曼谷重回首位，而付出代价的是伦敦。伦敦在连续两年占据榜首后，与其亚洲对手城市交换了位置。
Bangkok is projected to host 21.47 million "international overnight visitors" this year, according to the 2016 report by financial services corporation MasterCard.
万事达金融服务公司公布的2016年度报告显示，据预测，曼谷今年将接待2147万国际游客。
That figure is more than two times the city's population of about 10 million.
这一数字是曼谷市人口（1000万）的两倍多。
Bangkok's 2014-15 fall from the top was largely put down to political instability in recent years.
曼谷在2014-15年排行下降主要是由于近年来的政治不稳定。
But there's no escaping Bangkok's allure: a vibrant urban and culinary scene and proximity to some of the world's most beautiful beaches and islands.
但曼谷的吸引力也显而易见：充满生机、食物美味、毗邻一些世界上最美的海滩和岛屿。
London, meanwhile, is expected to welcome 18.88 million visitors this year.
而伦敦预计今年将接待1888名游客。
Paris is in third place with 18.03 million forecast visitors.
巴黎排行第三，预计接待游客1803万人。
MasterCard says its index reflects the interconnectedness of major global cities and tracks the ways in which business and leisure jet-setters spend their money.
万事达公司表示，其数据反映出世界主要大城市的互联性，并追踪了商务和休闲飞机乘客的消费方式。
Ranked fourth with 15.27 million visitors, Dubai "made a quantum leap to become the global top-ranked" in visitor spending, the report says.
报告称，迪拜排名第四，预计接待游客1527万人，“突飞猛进，成为全球旅游消费最高的城市”。
Based on a new estimate provided by the government of Dubai, its visitor spending of $31.3 billion this year far exceeds London's estimated $19.8 billion, which comes second.
根据迪拜政府的最新预测，在迪拜旅游的游客今年将消费313亿美元，远远超过伦敦游客消费的198亿美元。伦敦在游客消费榜单中排名第二。
According to the index, tourists are "spending overwhelmingly" to shop -- and not to dine -- in the top 20 destinations outside of Europe, despite many of them being world-famous cuisine capitals.
数据显示，在欧洲外的最受游客欢迎20大目的地中，游客的消费主要用于购物，而非就餐。尽管其中很多是世界著名的美食之都。
Many economists doubt the European Central Bank will increase the size of its 1.46tn asset-purchase programme in 2016 despite assurances by ECB chief Mario Draghi that additional monetary stimulus is still on the table.
许多经济学家认为，欧洲央行(ECB)不会在2016年加大其1.46万亿欧元资产购买计划的规模，尽管该行行长马里奥德拉吉(Mario Draghi)保证额外的货币政策刺激仍是选项。
The predictions of no further action in an annual Financial Times poll of eurozone analysts came despite Mr Draghi’s attempts to convince markets that the ECB remained primed to act should inflation and growth across the single currency area continue to disappoint.
在英国《金融时报》的年度调查中，欧元区分析师作出了欧洲央行不会采取进一步行动的预言，尽管德拉吉试图说服市场相信：只要整个单一货币区的通胀和经济增长继续令人失望，欧洲央行就将随时准备采取行动。
In contrast to last year when the vast majority of economists expected the ECB to launch full-scale quantitative easing, just under half of the 33 respondents thought the ECB would do nothing this year. The rest said the ECB would expand QE or cut interest rates, although some of those who expected more easing stressed that the central bank was unlikely to radically reshape its existing policy response.
在去年的调查中，绝大多数经济学家预期欧洲央行将发起全面量化宽松政策，而今年33个受访者中有几乎快一半的人认为欧洲央行将按兵不动。其他人表示，欧洲央行将扩大量化宽松或下调利率，尽管在那些预期会有更多宽松措施的人中，一部分人强调这家央行不太可能从根本上重塑其现有的政策回应。
Latest ECB projections predict the eurozone, which has struggled to grow as strongly as the US or UK, will grow 1.7 per cent in 2016 after hitting 1.5 per cent growth this year as QE bolsters the economy.
根据欧洲央行的最新预测，迄今难以实现像美国或英国那样强劲增长的欧元区，2016年将增长1.7%。今年欧元区将实现1.5%的增长，得益于量化宽松支持经济。
The ECB ended the year with a vote on December 3 to cut its deposit rate to minus 0.3 per cent and an expansion in asset purchases that leaves its quantitative easing programme at 1.46tn. The move came days before the US Federal Reserve increased interest rates for the first time since 2006, underlining the sharply divergent policies being pursued on either side of the Atlantic.
今年临近尾声之际，欧洲央行在12月3日投票削减其存款利率至负0.3%，并扩大资产购买，使量化宽松计划的规模达到1.46万亿欧元。此举出炉十几天后，美联储(Federal Reserve)自2006年以来首次提高利率，突显大西洋两岸正在推行的货币政策截然不同。
But markets plunged following the ECB decision. Investors complained that the central bank had misled markets about the amount of extra stimulus it was prepared to inject to shore up the recovery.
但是，欧洲央行宣布决定后市场暴跌。投资者抱怨称，这家央行此前在其准备注入多少额外刺激以支撑复苏的问题上误导了市场。
Mr Draghi hit back the day after the December vote, saying that there was no “limit” to what eurozone policymakers could do to return inflation to its target.
德拉吉在12月投票表决的次日作出回击，称欧元区政策制定者在动用政策工具推动通胀达标方面“是没有限度的”。
However, the economists polled expect slightly higher growth rates and substantially higher inflation over 2016.
不过，接受调查的经济学家们预期2016年期间将出现略高的增长率和显著更高的通胀率。
When asked if the central bank would do more, Dario Perkins, chief European economist at Lombard Street Research, said: “I don’t think so, unless something goes wrong in the wider global economy.”
在被问及欧洲央行会不会采取更多行动时，朗伯德街研究(Lombard Street Research)首席欧洲经济学家达里奥·铂金斯(Dario Perkins)表示：“我不这么认为——除非全球整体经济出了问题。”
What’s in a shade? If you are Pantone, the “color authority” and the dominant color trend forecaster, and you get to choose a “color of the year” every year, potentially a lot. It could include determining fashion’s direction (these are the hues that inform the fabrics that get bought by designers that get made into your clothes), influencing interiors, and even affecting how food appears. Still, I don’t think I’ve ever seen quite so much political and philosophical import attached to a color decision as I have for the 2016 “Color of the Year.”
色彩有什么作用？如果你是潘通(Pantone)——“色彩权威”和主导色彩潮流的预测者——如果你能选择每年的“年度色彩”，那么你会发现它有很多作用。包括可以决定时尚的方向（这会决定设计师购买什么颜色的面料，也就是你最终穿什么颜色的衣服），影响室内装饰，甚至影响食物的外观。不过，我从未看到哪一年的年度色彩选择像2016年这样深受政治和哲学的影响。
For the first time, it’s a blend of two colors: Rose Quartz (a kind of mineral pink) and Serenity (a light blue). On the company’s website, the colors flow seamlessly into each other so that it’s impossible to tell where one begins and the other ends.
2016年的年度色彩与以往不同，它是两种颜色的组合：粉水晶（Rose Quartz，一种矿物粉色）和宁静蓝天（Serenity，一种淡蓝色）。在该公司的网站上，这两种颜色浑然融为一体，看不清它们的界线。
Two colors! It may not sound revolutionary, but everything is relative. And know this: It’s not about indecision, but social progress. That’s Pantone’s position, anyway.
两种颜色！也许它听起来不算重大变革，但一切都是相互关联的。要知道：这不是因为优柔寡断，而是因为社会进步。不管怎样，这是潘通的立场。
Explaining the choice, the company cited “societal movements toward gender equality and fluidity, the consumer’s increased comfort with using color as a form of expression, a generation that has less concern about being typecast or judged and an open exchange of digital information that has opened our eyes to different approaches to color usage.”
潘通在解释这一选择时提到以下这些因素：“主张性别平等和流动性的社会运动；消费者越来越喜欢把色彩当作一种表达方式；这一代人不太在意被认定为某一种类型或遭到评判；公开的数字信息交流让我们看到颜色使用的不同方式。”
There’s no arguing with that one. From bathroom signs to fashion runways, the gender lines have been blurring at an ever-faster pace. It’s about time we ended ye olde pink/blue, girl/boy stereotype divide.
这一点毋庸置疑。从卫生间标志到时装秀，性别界线正在加速变得模糊。现在我们差不多该抛弃传统的“女孩用粉色，男孩用蓝色”的成见了。
Admittedly, choosing the most clichéd gender colors can seem a bit simplistic, but Pantone has a broad constituency to manage; this is not about the cutting edge, but the big middle.
不可否认，选择最老套的性别色彩似乎有点过分简化，但是潘通拥有庞大的客户群，这种选择不是为了前卫，而是为了找出平均值。
Leatrice Eiseman, the executive director of the Pantone Color Institute, said the joining of the two colors reflected “a soothing sense of order and peace” — presumably an attractive thing to incorporate into a product at a time of insecurity and global turbulence. It also implies that there is no line between “us” and “them.”
潘通色彩研究所(Pantone Color Institute)的执行总监莱亚特丽斯·艾斯曼(Leatrice Eiseman)说：把这两种颜色组合起来反应出“一种令人慰籍的秩序感与和平感”，在这个全球动荡和缺乏安全感的时代，把这种感觉融入产品应该具有吸引力。它也暗示着，“我们”和“他们”之间没有界线。
That’s a lot of issue-related messaging to pack into a single color trend (or even two), but the Pantone statement says it’s the company’s job to reflect social trends and capture them in a shade — which will then become part of the fabrics of our lives, as it were.
对于一种色彩潮流（又或说两种色彩潮流）而言，要包含的和不同话题有关的信息传递太多了，但潘通在声明中称，体现社会潮流并用一种颜色捕捉它们，是公司的工作。和往常一样，这种颜色将会进入我们生活中使用的面料。
Certainly, the emails have already started flooding in celebrating various products in shades of Rose Quartz and Serenity. But I wonder: Are we suddenly going to see a host of blended pastel ties, as opposed to the currently popular red and blue, popping up in the next round of presidential debates? Place your bets now.
当然，我们已经收到很多邮件，称赞各种粉水晶色和宁静蓝天色的产品。不过，我想知道：在下一轮总统竞选辩论中，我们会突然看到各种混合的、色调柔和的领带吗（而不是当下流行的红蓝领带）？现在就下注吧。
There are two divergent views of what is happening to the oil price ithin the industry and among serious investors. 2016 may help us to see which is correct.
当前油价正在发生什么变化？在业内人士和严肃的投资者中间，对这个问题有两种不同的看法。2016年油价走势或许有助我们看清哪种观点是正确的。
The first view is that the price is inherently cyclical. What has come down must go back up again and the deeper the trough the higher the next mountain.
第一种看法是，油价本质上具有周期性。下跌之后必然会回升。这道波谷越深，下一个山峰就越高。
The alternative analysis is that the shift we have seen over the past three years is the beginning of a long-term structural shift which will see energy prices materially lower in real terms in the next half century than in the last. Those who take this view believe, to put it very simply, that the likely growth in supply is stronger than the growth in demand.
另一种看法是，油价在过去三年中的变动，是长期结构性变化的开始，预示着下一个50年里，能源价格按实际值计算将显著低于上一个50年。简单地说，持这种看法的人认为，供给的增长潜力超过需求增长。
The overwhelming weight of the coverage of the oil market by analysts and commentators concentrates on the supply side and the volumes being produced and exported from Saudi Arabia or elsewhere. Supply is important but costs matter more.
分析师和评论员们对石油市场的解读着重于供应端，以及沙特或其他地方的产量和出口量。供给很重要，但成本更重要。
Some people remain attached to a theory that can be described as resource scarcity. At its heart this theory suggests that resource development follows a linear pattern in which low-cost resources are developed first, meaning that most if not all future development must be more costly. Unfortunately the history of the industry does not support this view. If anything the experience of the past few decades suggests that the opposite is true.
有些人仍坚持一种可称为“资源稀缺”的理论。该理论的核心是，资源开发遵循线性模式，低成本的资源最先被开发，也就是说，未来大部分乃至全部开发活动的成本一定会更高。遗憾的是，行业发展历史并不支持这一观点。过去几十年的经验表明，情况正相反。
The cyclical theory depends on a dearth of new investment creating a supply crunch in two, three or five years. A lot of projects are being postponed but postponement is no more than a signal to project managers to find a way of cutting costs. Many are doing exactly that.
周期性理论的依据是，新投资不足将导致两三年或五年后出现供应紧张。大量的项目已被延迟，但这对于项目经理而言，不过是要想办法削减成本的一种信号。许多项目经理目前就在这么做。
I can well imagine that in 2016 the oil price will bounce back from its current sub $40 level. The Saudis may try to cut production, there could be more conflict in Iraq, terrorists could attack some of the prize targets such as the oil terminals at Ras Tanura and Abqaiq. Anything is possible, something is likely. But the question is how far the bounce will go.
可以想象，2016年油价将从当前不到40美元的水平上反弹。沙特或许会尝试减产，伊拉克可能会爆发更多冲突，恐怖主义分子可能会攻击一些重要目标，比如沙特拉斯坦努拉和阿巴奇克的石油终端。一切皆有可能，有些事情发生的可能性更大一些。但问题在于，油价反弹的幅度将有多大？
If the bounce is minimal and transitory it will be clear that the structural shift is under way. I hope the companies which are over invested in expensive projects and countries still overwhelmingly dependent on oil and gas revenues are ready.
如果反弹幅度小、时间短，那么显然结构性变化已经开始了。我希望，过多投资于大成本项目的公司以及仍然高度依赖于油气收入的国家对此做好了准备。
Soon after the conclusion of the 2016 national post-graduate entrance examination on Sunday, the Ministry of Education was informed of suspected leaks of exam questions.
2016年全国硕士研究生招生考试周日结束后不久，教育部即接到考研试题泄露的举报。
The post came after anonymous Internet users alleged that some questions and answers on the National Postgraduate Entrance Examination, which was held on Saturday and Sunday, were released in advance.
多名网友爆料称，周六日研究生入学考试开考前，部分试题和答案就已经提前被公布了。
The Internet users posted screenshots from social networking apps showing questions and answers that were going to be on the exam.
考试之前，网友通过社交软件，将考试中将要出现的问题和答案截图发布出来。
The ministry said that it had no tolerance for cheating and had asked public security departments to conduct an investigation.
教育部之后表示，他们不会容忍这种欺骗行为，并已经要求公安部门进入进行调查。
"Those who disrupt testing and harm the equity of education by cheating will get the punishment they deserve," the ministry said.
教育部表示：“那些严重破坏考试秩序，损害教育公平公正的人将得到他们应得的惩罚。”
According to a newly amended Chinese Criminal Law, those who organize, assist or are involved in cheating during national exams could be sentenced to three to seven years in prison.
根据新修订的中国刑法，在国家级别考试中，凡是组织、协助或是参与作弊行为的人，将会受到3至7年的有期徒刑。
As a national exam with more than 1 million test takers every year, the National Postgraduates Entrance Examination is very important for students' academic life, and cheating incidents have been exposed from time to time.
作为每年都会有超过100万人参加的国家级考试，研究生入学考试对于学生的学习生涯是非常重要的，而作弊事件也一而再再而三被曝光。
The Education Ministry has also taken some measures, such as canceling testing results and noting cheating in personal records.
教育部也已采取了一些措施，例如取消考试成绩、将作弊行为记入个人档案中。
1.Photography: 22.3 percent increase
1.摄影：增长了22.3%
Jobs for photographers grew by about 22 percent in Q3. The report’s authors attribute the increase to employers “finally understanding the importance of high-quality pictures on their landing pages.” The desire to expand and improve websites through employing trained, creative professionals was something of a recurring theme throughout this list.
第三季度摄影师的工作增长了大约22%。报告的作者将这一增长归因于雇佣者“最终理解了他们的登录页面的高质量图片的重要性”。通过雇用受过培训的有创造力的专业人员来扩大提升网站知名度也是这一排行榜上的一个常在的主题。
2.German: 22.2 percent increase
2.德语：增长了22.2%
Work that requires German language skills also grew significantly during the third quarter of 2016. Those who wish to work as German translators might be in luck these days.
需要德语技能的工作也在2016年的第三季度显著增长。那些想做德语翻译工作的人或许近来很幸运。
3.Video Editing: 19.2 percent increase
3.视频编辑：增长了19.2%
Video editors likely benefited from the same factors that caused the increase in photography jobs. It stands to reason that this kind of work expands alongside the need for increasingly sophisticated and appealing website designs.
视频编辑很可能是得益于促进摄影技术工作增长的相同的因素。很显然这一工作的增长是伴随着有经验的吸引人的网站设计的日益增长需求而出现的。
“This growth is further backed by Video Editing making an appearance at number 3 on the list with a 19% increase,” the report states, “as video content becomes one of the initial draws and call to actions for most customer-focused websites. Heavy video marketing through social media also increases this demand.”
报告还写道“这一增长进一步依靠视频编辑技术，在第三季度显著增长了19%，因为视频内容已经成为了大多数顾客为中心的网站的首要的吸引和号召行为。通过社交媒体的大量的视频营销也助涨了这一需求。”
4.Virtual Assistant: 17.6 percent increase
4.虚拟助理：增长了17.6%
Companies are always looking to save money, and outsourcing some roles to freelancers can help. Virtual assistants can perform many of the duties of full-time staffers, but with less commitment. These workers could help expand a business, or just encourage things to run more smoothly.
公司一直都在寻求省钱的办法，将一些自由职业者能胜任的工作外包出去。虚拟助理可以做许多全职员工可以做的工作，但是忠诚度却比较低。这些员工可以帮助拓展商业渠道，或者促进事情更加顺利进行。
5.Branding: 16.4 percent increase
5.品牌推广：增长了16.4%
Jobs for workers with branding skills were also on the rise during the third quarter of 2016, most likely thanks to “small businesses’ need to create cohesive and consistent strategies for their companies online,” according to the report.
根据报告显示，2016年第三季度增长的工作人员需求还包括拥有品牌推广技能的人，很可能要感谢“小型企业”需要为他们的公司在线网站创造一种有凝聚力的一致性的策略。
Democratic frontrunner Hillary Clinton says that if she's elected president, at least half of her Cabinet will be women.
日前，美国民主党候选人希拉里·克林顿承诺，如果她在总统竞选中获胜，那么她的内阁将有半数成员是女性。
During a town hall hosted by MSNBC on last Monday night, host Rachel Maddow asked Clinton whether she would match a campaign promise Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau made good on earlier this year.
上周一晚间，在MSNBC的一档节目中，主持人雷切尔·玛多询问前国务卿希拉里，她是否会做出和加拿大新总理贾斯汀·特鲁多今年早些时候类似的承诺？
"He promised when he took office that he would have a Cabinet that was 50 percent women, and then he did it," Maddow said. "Would you make that same pledge?"
玛多问道："特鲁多承诺在上任之后，内阁中将有50%是女性。如今他兑现了承诺。那么你也会做出类似承诺吗？"
"Well, I am going to have a Cabinet that looks like America," the former secretary of state replied. "And 50 percent of America is women, right?"
前国务卿希拉里回答道："我将组建一个能够反映美国现状的内阁。而有半数美国人是女性。"
President Obama's Cabinet, of which Clinton was once a member, currently comprises seven women and 16 men.
现任美国主席奥巴马的内阁共有7名女性，17名男性，克林顿曾是其中一员。
Last week, Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta said that the former first lady's shortlist of potential running mates will include women, quickly leading to speculation that Clinton will consider Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren, a popular progressive, for an all-female ticket.
上周，希拉里的竞选团队负责人约翰·波德斯塔表示，希拉里很可能会挑选一名女性作为她的副总统获选人。很快有人猜测，为了吸引女性选民，她的竞选伙伴很可能是马萨诸塞州参议员伊莉莎白·华伦。她是一名非常受女性欢迎的、激进的参选者。
"We'll start with a broad list and then begin to narrow it," Podesta told the Boston Globe. "But there is no question that there will be women on that list."
波德斯塔接受《波斯顿环球时报》采访时表示："我们有一个备选充足的名单，然后再逐渐缩小选择范围。但毫无疑问地是，这份名单上将有女性。"
The Democratic party's would-be challenger, Republican frontrunner Donald Trump, responded on Fox News, accusing Clinton of pandering to female voters.
民主党最有可能的竞争对手、共和党参选人特朗普则对Fox新闻表示，希拉里这是在讨好女性选民。
"The only thing she's got is the woman card," Trump said. "I'd love to see a woman president, but she's the wrong person. She's a disaster."
特朗普说道："她唯一能做的就是打女人牌。我愿意看到美国能有一位女主席，但希拉里绝对是错误人选，她简直就是一场灾难。"
"Well, I believe I am a feminist because I believe that women deserve the same rights as men in every aspect of our economy and our society, here at home and around the world," Clinton said to applause. "You know, I've devoted a lot of my public life to advocating for women's rights being human rights, and making the case that we have to do everything we can, through laws, regulations, culture, to change the still-existing stereotypes that hold women back."
希拉里的回应则迎来了掌声："我认为我是个女权主义者，因为我相信在我们经济和社会的方方面面，女性都应该获得跟男性同样的权利，不管是在我们国内，还是在整个世界上。你们知道，我在公共生活中将大量精力投入到了为女性倡权上，通过法律、规定、文化等途径做一切力所能及的事情，改变依旧存在的、让女性退缩的那些成见。"
She pointed to equal pay, saying it's not "just a woman's issue" but something that affects everyone. "If you have a wife, a mother, a sister, a daughter who is working and they are not being treated fairly, the whole family suffers," Clinton said.
此外，她还指出同工同酬的问题。她表示这不仅仅是女性的问题，这实际影响到每一个人。希拉里表示："如果你有妻子，母亲，姐妹，女儿，她们在工作中没有被公平对待，那么整个家庭都会为此受影响。"
These are the major winners of the 68th annual Primetime Emmy Awards. Additional winners are listed at emmys.com.
以下是第68届年度黄金时段艾美奖的主要获奖者名单，请登陆emmys.com浏览获奖名单完整版。
Drama Series: “Game of Thrones” (HBO)
剧情类最佳剧集：《权力的游戏》(Game of Thrones, HBO)
Comedy Series: “Veep” (HBO)
喜剧类最佳剧集：《副总统》(Veep, HBO)
Mini-Series or Movie: “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story” (FX)
最佳迷你剧/电影：《美国罪案故事：公诉辛普森》(“The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story”, FX)
TV Movie: “Sherlock: The Abominable Bride (Masterpiece)” (PBS)
最佳电视电影：《神探夏洛克：可恶的新娘》(Sherlock: The Abominable Bride [Masterpiece], PBS)
Variety Talk Series: “Last Week Tonight With John Oliver” (HBO)
最佳综艺脱口秀：《约翰?奥利佛上周今夜秀》(Last Week Tonight With John Oliver, HBO)
Actor in a Comedy Series: Jeffrey Tambor, “Transparent”
喜剧类最佳男演员：杰佛里?塔博(Jeffrey Tambor)，《透明家庭》(Transparent)
Actress in a Comedy Series: Julia Louis-Dreyfus, “Veep”
喜剧类最佳女演员： 茱莉亚?路易斯-德瑞弗斯(Julia Louis-Dreyfus)，《副总统》(Veep)
Actor in a Mini-Series or Movie: Courtney B. Vance, “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story”
迷你剧集/电影类最佳男演员：考特尼?B?万斯(Courtney B Vance)，《美国罪案故事：公诉辛普森》(The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story)
Actress in a Mini-Series or Movie: Sarah Paulson, “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story”
迷你剧集/电影类最佳女演员：萨拉?保罗森(Sarah Paulson)，《美国罪案故事：公诉辛普森》(The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story)
Supporting Actor in a Comedy: Louie Anderson, “Baskets”
喜剧类最佳男配角：路易?安德森(Louie Anderson)，《小丑梦摇篮》(Baskets)
Supporting Actress in a Comedy: Kate McKinnon, “Saturday Night Live”
喜剧类最佳女配角：凯特?麦金侬(Kate McKinnon)，《周六夜现场》(Saturday Night Live)
Supporting Actor in a Limited Series or Movie: Sterling K. Brown, “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story”
迷你剧集/电影类最佳男配角：斯特林?K?布朗(Sterling K Brown)，《美国罪案故事：公诉辛普森》(The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story)
Supporting Actress in a Mini-Series or Movie: Regina King, “American Crime”
迷你剧集/电影类最佳女配角：雷吉娜?金(Regina King)，《美国重案》(American Crime)
*Reality Host: RuPaul Charles, “RuPaul’s Drag Race” (Logo)
*最佳真人秀主持：鲁保罗?查尔斯(RuPaul Charles)，《鲁保罗变装皇后秀》(RuPaul’s Drag Race, Logo)
Reality Competition Program: “The Voice” (NBC)
最佳竞技真人秀：《美国之声》(The Voice , NBC)
Writing for a Comedy Series: Aziz Ansari and Alan Yang, “Master of None” (“Parents”)
最佳喜剧类编剧：阿兹?安萨里(Aziz Ansari)和艾伦?杨(Alan Yang)，《无为大师》，“父亲母亲” (Master of None, "Parents"）
Writing for a Mini-Series or Movie: D.V. DeVincentis, “The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story” (“Marcia, Marcia, Marcia”)
最佳迷你剧集/电影类编剧：D?V?蒂文森斯(D.V. DeVincentis)，《美国罪案故事：公诉辛普森》，“玛西亚，玛西亚，玛西亚” (The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story, "Marcia, Marcia, Marcia")
*Writing for a Variety Series: “Last Week Tonight With John Oliver”
*最佳综艺节目台本创作：《约翰?奥利佛上周今夜秀》(Last Week Tonight With John Oliver)
Writing for a Variety Special: Patton Oswalt, “Patton Oswalt: Talking for Clapping”
最佳综艺小品：帕顿?奥斯瓦特(Patton Oswalt)，《帕顿?奥斯瓦特：为掌声而鸣》(Patton Oswalt: Talking for Clapping)
Directing for a Comedy Series: Jill Soloway, “Transparent” (“Man on the Land”)
最佳喜剧类导演：吉尔?苏洛威(Jill Soloway)，《透明家庭》，“地上的人” (Transparent, "Man on the Land")
Directing for a Mini-Series or Movie: Susanne Bier, “The Night Manager”
最佳迷你剧集/电影类导演：苏珊娜?比埃尔(Susanne Bier)，《夜班经理》(The Night Manager)
*Directing for a Variety Series: Ryan McFaul, “Inside Amy Schumer”
*最佳综艺导演：瑞安?麦克福(Ryan McFaul)，《艾米?舒莫的内心世界》(Inside Amy Schumer)
*Guest Actor in a Drama Series: Hank Azaria, “Ray Donovan”
*剧情类最佳客串男演员：汉克?阿兹利亚(Hank Azaria)，《清道夫》(Ray Donovan)
*Guest Actress in a Drama Series: Margo Martindale, “The Americans”
*剧情类最佳客串女演员：玛格?马丁戴尔(Margo Martindale)，《美国谍梦》(The Americans)
*Guest Actor in a Comedy Series: Peter Scolari, “Girls”
*喜剧类最佳客串男演员：彼得?斯科拉里(Peter Scolari)，《都市女孩》(Girls)
*Guest Actress in a Comedy Series: Tina Fey and Amy Poehler, “Saturday Night Live”
*喜剧类最佳客串女演员：蒂娜?菲(Tina Fey)和艾米?波勒(Amy Poehler)，《周六夜现场》(Saturday Night Live)
*Awards presented during the Creative Arts Emmy ceremony Sept. 10-11.
标有*符号的奖项已于9月10日到11日举行的艾美奖创新艺术典礼上公布。
Ladies and gentlemen, may I welcome you to the Bad Manners Awards 2016?
女士们、先生们，欢迎来到2016年没礼貌大奖颁奖典礼。
The judging committee (of one) has spent weeks deciding which members of the Royal family, politicians and celebrities deserve one of these most galling of gongs to mark a grievous breach of protocol or lapse in mannerly judgement over the past year.
评审委员会（就我一人）花了几周的时间来决定王室、政界以及明星当中谁应该获得一枚令人难堪的奖章，以表彰他们过去一年严重违反礼仪或行为失态的表现。
BAD SPORTSMANSHIP
最差运动员精神奖
Recipient: President-elect Donald Trump and Hilary Clinton (joint winners)
获奖者：侯任总统唐纳德?特朗普和希拉里·克林顿（共同获奖）
Well, at least Hilary has won something this year. I'm sure she's thrilled.
至少希拉里今年赢得了点什么。我相信她会非常兴奋。
At the time of the third presidential debate in October both candidates churlishly refused to greet or bid farewell to the other in the custom of the handshake.
在10月份的第三场总统大选辩论中，两位总统候选人没教养地拒绝与对方握手问好或道别。
TERRIBLE TIMEKEEPING
最不守时奖
Recipient: Their Royal Highnesses The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge (joint winners)
获奖者：剑桥公爵和剑桥公爵夫人殿下（共同获奖）
Despite the reported success of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's official visit to Canada back in September, timekeeping needs to be looked at for future trips.
尽管报道称，威廉凯特夫妇9月对加拿大的正式访问非常成功，但是，在今后的访问中两人需要注意守时。
There were multiple instances of the glamourous royalty keeping Canadians waiting, including the arrival, where the family took a whole 20 minutes to disembark in order to be greeted by the Canadian welcome party.
威廉凯特夫妇多次让加拿大人等候多时，例如，抵达加拿大时，两人花了20分钟时间才从飞机上下来接受加方欢迎团队的问候。
The Queen would have been down the stairs like a shot as soon as the aircraft came to a final halt.
女王每次都是飞机一停就像子弹一样迅速下飞机。
They also arrived 40 minutes late for the official welcome and were running late to an event in Vancouver, too.
他们在官方的欢迎仪式上也迟到了40分钟，在温哥华的一场活动中也迟到了。
WORST GREETING
最差问候奖
Recipient: Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau
获奖者：加拿大总理贾斯廷·特鲁多
Full marks to Prince George for giving the patronising high-five of the Canadian prime minister the eye.
乔治王子获得满分，因为他对加拿大总理特鲁多傲慢的击掌回了一记冷眼。
Who greets a member of any royal family, however young, with a high five?
谁会与一位王室成员击掌呢？尽管他年龄不大。
BEST THROWING TOYS OUT OF PRAM
发脾气大奖
Recipient: His Royal Highness Prince Harry
获奖者：哈里王子殿下
Who can forget Prince Harry's unprecedented communique to the media a few months ago over the then speculation over his girlfriend Meghan Markle?
谁都记得几个月前，哈里王子因为媒体对其女友梅格汉·马克尔的猜测而发表了出人意料的公报。
Whatever happened to ‘Never complain; never explain' – the unofficial motto of the House of Windsor?
温莎王朝的非官方座右铭“永不抱怨，永不解释”到底可信不可信？
The media are annoying, we get that, Your Royal Highness, but there may have been more dignified ways for you (and the establishment you represent) to air your concerns.
媒体非常令人讨厌，我们知道这一点，殿下，但您（以及您所代表的王室）可以用更有尊严的方式来表达您的关切。
WORST HABIT
最坏习惯奖
Recipient: Britney Spears
获奖者：布兰妮·斯皮尔斯
Britney, YOU drive me crazy for appearing on Loose Women smacking gum like it's 1998 as the panel interrogate you.
布兰妮，你在《放荡女性》节目中吧唧着嘴嚼口香糖的样子快把我逼疯了，那样子就和你在1998年被审问时一个模样。
Have some respect for those who are promoting your work and hosting you to remove the gum before the interview begins.
请尊重一下那些支持你的人以及节目主持人，能在访谈开始前把口香糖吐了吗？
Frankly, this sort of behaviour means you are very much still a girl and definitely not yet a woman.
坦率地讲，这种行为意味着你还只是一个小女孩，还算不上女人。
WORST USE OF SOCIAL MEDIA
最糟糕地利用社交媒体奖
Recipient: Lindsay Lohan
获奖者：林赛·罗韩
Nothing tops the insensitivity and stupendous lack of awareness as Lohan's insensitive post five months ago.
没有比5个月前林赛·罗韩贴子中的麻木不仁和无动于衷更过分的了。
The actress posted on Instagram a seemingly heartfelt missive after the attacks in Nice and Turkey. But she paired it with a photo of her in some skimpy lingerie attempting to look seductive.
这名女演员在法国尼斯和土耳其遭到袭击后，在Instagram上发表了一封貌似诚挚的信，但为了显示魅力，配图却是一张自己身穿性感内衣的照片。
LEAST LADYLIKE
最不淑女奖
Recipient: Kim Kardashian
获奖者：金·卡戴珊
No Bad Manners Awards could be complete without a mention of a Kardashian, could it?
没有卡戴珊获奖的不文明大奖能算完整吗？
As the socialite arrived at Kylie Jenner's 19th birthday party in August she alighted her sports car in such a cack-handed (cack-legged, I suppose) way that meant that more was glimpsed than intended.
社交名媛卡戴珊8月份参加凯莉·詹娜的19岁生日聚会时，笨手笨脚从跑车出来的方式让她不小心走光太多了。
Kim, it's so simple and entry-level Finishing School stuff: keep knees and ankles together and swivel.
卡戴珊，这就是女子精修学校入门级的简单礼仪：并拢双膝和脚踝，然后侧身就可以了。
Call it the crisis of whiteness.
权且称之为“白”的危机。
White anxiety has fueled this year’s political tumult in the West: Britain’s surprising vote to exit the European Union, Donald J. Trump’s unexpected capture of the Republican presidential nomination in the United States, the rise of right-wing nationalism in Norway, Hungary, Austria and Greece.
白人焦虑推动了今年的西方政治动荡：英国令人震惊地投票决定退出欧盟，美国的唐纳德?J?特朗普(Donald J. Trump)出人意料地获得了共和党的总统提名，挪威、匈牙利、奥地利和希腊的右翼民族主义崛起。
Whiteness, in this context, is more than just skin color. You could define it as membership in the “ethno-national majority,” but that’s a mouthful. What it really means is the privilege of not being defined as “other.”
在此背景下，白不仅仅是指肤色。你可以将其定义为“人种-民族多数”的成员，但这样有点拗口。它的真正含义是不会被定义为“他者”的特权。
Whiteness means being part of the group whose appearance, traditions, religion and even food are the default norm. It’s being a person who, by unspoken rules, was long entitled as part of “us” instead of “them.”
白意味着属于一个外表、传统、宗教乃至食物都符合默认常规的群体。按照不言而喻的规则，白人意味着是一个长期被称作是“我们”，而不是“他们”中的一份子的人。
But national and racial identity were often conflated for the white majority. That identity felt to many white people like one of the most important pillars holding up their world — and now it seems under threat.
但多数白人常把民族和种族身份混为一谈。对很多白人来说，这种身份感觉像是支撑他们的世界最重要的支柱之一，而现在，它似乎受到了威胁。
There are, of course, complicated contours to 2016’s unusual politics. In Britain, immigrants from South Asia voted heavily to leave the European Union, citing hopes that curtailing European migration might open space for more people from Asia. In the United States, frustration with and alienation from status quo politics have helped drive Mr. Trump’s rise.
当然，2016年不同寻常的政治局势有着复杂的轮廓。在英国，来自南亚的移民投票大力支持退出欧盟，表示希望限制欧洲移民，以便为更多来自亚洲的移民开放空间。在美国，对政治现状的不满与脱离助长了特朗普的崛起势头。
There has also always been a certain fluidity to this concept of whiteness. Irish and Italian immigrants to the United States, and Jews in Britain, were once seen as separate from the white national majority, and are now generally considered part of it, benefiting from racial privilege. At the same time, Jews’ white skin did not protect them from being cast as outsiders by some of Mr. Trump’s supporters who have circulated anti-Semitic memes on social media.
关于“白”的定义总是存在一定程度的不稳定性。美国的爱尔兰与意大利移民，英国的犹太人，都曾一度被排除在白人多数群体之外，如今却因为他们的种族特征，同样被视为白人主流的一部分。与此同时，尽管犹太人也是白皮肤，特朗普的某些支持者们还是会把他们视为外来者，这些人经常在社交网络上散布反犹太的网络米姆。
Still, experts see a crisis of white identity underlying much of the West’s current turmoil.
然而专家却在西方当前的乱象之下看到一种白人身份危机。
“It’s fundamentally about ‘who are we?’” said Eric Kaufmann, a professor of politics at Birkbeck College, University of London. “What does it mean to be part of this nation? Is it not ‘our’ nation anymore, ‘our’ meaning the ethnic majority?
“这是关于‘我们是谁’的基本问题，”伦敦大学伯克贝克学院的政治学教授埃里克?考夫曼(Eric Kaufmann)说，“作为这个国家的一员意味着什么？它是否已经不再是‘我们’的国家？——‘我们’是指占多数的民族。
“These kinds of questions are really front and center, even though they’re not necessarily verbalized.”
“像这样的问题是极为紧要的，尽管不一定通过言语表达了出来。”
The questions can seem like a sudden reversal after decades of rising multiculturalism, through the civil rights movement in the United States and the European Union’s opening up of borders.
自从美国的民权运动以及欧洲敞开国界以来，多元文化主义已经兴盛数十载，这些问题似乎是一种突然的逆转。
In fact, academic research suggests that other economic and social transformations unfolding at the same time have led many people to anchor themselves more fully in their whiteness — even as whiteness itself has lost currency.
事实上，学术研究表明，同时期的另一种经济与社会转型令许多人更加彻底地用“白”来作为自己的支柱——尽管“白”这个字眼本身已经不常用了。
“When I look at the data, I keep coming back to this issue that it’s really about identity politics,” said Elisabeth Ivarsflaten, a professor at Norway’s University of Bergen who studies Europe’s far-right parties. “This is the most powerful predictor of support for the populists.”
“研究数据时，我不断回到这个问题上来，它其实是个身份政治问题，”挪威卑尔根大学(University of Bergen)研究欧洲极右翼党派的教授伊丽莎白?伊法斯夫拉腾(Elisabeth Ivarsflaten)说。“这是民粹主义者获得支持的最有力的征兆。”
GAINS AND LOSSES IN A CHANGING WORLD
变化世界中的得与失
Identity, as academics define it, falls into two broad categories: “achieved” identity derived from personal effort, and “ascribed” identity based on innate characteristics.
学者们指出，身份认同可以分为两大类，一种是“获得性”的身份认同，基于个人努力；另一种是“先赋性”的身份认同，基于自身天生的特征。
Everyone has both, but people tend to be most attached to their “best” identity — the one that offers the most social status or privileges. Successful professionals, for example, often define their identities primarily through their careers.
所有人身上都存在着这两种认同，但是人们倾向于更认可他们“最好”的身份——也就是能带给他们最高社会地位或特权的认同。举例来说，事业有成的职业人士通常以事业生涯来定义自己的身份。
For generations, working-class whites were doubly blessed: they enjoyed privileged status based on race, as well as the fruits of broad economic growth.
在几代人之中，工薪阶层的白人受到双重赐福：他们既拥有种族所带来的特权地位，也受惠于经济的繁荣发展。
White people’s officially privileged status waned over the latter half of the 20th century with the demise of discriminatory practices in, say, university admissions. But rising wages, an expanding social safety net and new educational opportunities helped offset that. Most white adults were wealthier and more successful than their parents, and confident that their children would do better still.
到了20世纪下半叶，随着歧视逐渐减少（比如在大学入学方面），白人的正式特权地位也在渐渐丧失。但是工资的增长、社会安全网的扩大以及新的受教育机会有助于弥补他们的损失。大多数成年白人都比父母更富裕、更成功，他们相信子女们会过得更好。
That feeling of success may have provided a sort of identity in itself.
这种成功的感觉本身也可以带来一种身份认同。
But as Western manufacturing and industry have declined, taking many working-class towns with them, parents and grandparents have found that the opportunities they once had are unavailable to the next generation.
但是随着西方制造业和工业的衰落，不少工薪阶层市镇也随之衰败，父母和祖父母们发现，下一代已经不能拥有他们曾经拥有的机会了。
That creates an identity vacuum to be filled.
这造成了一种有待填补的身份认同真空。
Arlie Russell Hochschild, the author of “Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right,” describes a feeling of lost opportunity as the “deep story” of the rural Louisiana communities she spent four years studying.
《自己土地上的陌生人： 美国右翼的愤怒与哀悼》(Strangers in Their Own Land: Anger and Mourning on the American Right)一书的作者阿莉?罗素?霍克希尔德(Arlie Russell Hochschild)对路易斯安那州的农村社区进行了四年的研究，她认为那里“深藏着”一种失去机会的感觉。
Her subjects felt like they were waiting in a long line to reach the top of a hill where the American dream was waiting for them. But the line’s uphill progress had slowed, even stopped. And immigrants, black people and other “outsiders” seemed to be cutting the line.
她笔下的人物们觉得自己为了登上“美国梦”的山巅，经历了漫长的排队等候，但是上山的队伍放慢了速度，甚至停顿下来了。而那些移民、黑人和其他“外来者”似乎还在插队。
For many Western whites, opportunities for achieved identity — the top of the hill — seem unattainable. So their ascribed identity — their whiteness — feels more important than ever.
对于很多西方白人来说，取得“获得性身份认同”（登上山巅）的机会似乎已经变得遥不可及。所以“先赋性身份认同”——也就是他们的“白”——变得比以往更加重要起来。
THE EFFECT OF RAPID CHANGE
飞速变化的效应
Social scientists, after crunching data from both sides of the Atlantic, have discovered something surprising: it’s not the amount of racial or ethnic diversity in a community that predicts white resentment and support of anti-immigrant policies, but the pace of change.
社会科学家们分析了来自大西洋两岸的数据，发现了一些惊人的事情：在社区内，引起白人不满，并令他们支持反移民政策的，并不是多样化民族或种族的人数，而是变化的速度。
Denmark, for instance, is 88 percent white Danish today — hardly a majority in jeopardy. But a generation ago, in 1980, it was 97 percent white. The anti-immigrant Danish People’s Party is now the second-largest party in the Danish Parliament. In Germany, where the foreign-born population shot up by approximately 75 percent between 2011 and 2015, the anti-immigrant, populist Alternative for Germany party is now drawing record support.
以丹麦为例，如今，88%的丹麦人口都是白人——这样的多数地位很难动摇。但在1980年，也就是上一代人的时候，丹麦有97%的人口是白人。反移民的丹麦人民党(Danish People’s Party)现在是丹麦议会中的第二大党。在德国，从2011年到2015年间，非本土出生人口激增了大约75%，反移民的民粹政党德国另类选择党(Alternative for Germany)如今获得了破纪录的支持率。
Britain saw a 66 percent increase in its foreign-born population between 2004 and 2014. Voters who chose “leave” in the recent referendum overwhelmingly cited immigration as their main concern.
在英国，从2004年到2014年，非本土出生的人口增长了66%。最近的全民公投中，投票选择“离开”的人大都说移民问题是自己最大的顾虑。
Professor Kaufmann and a colleague, Gareth Harris, found that white Britons who lived in areas that are rapidly diversifying became more likely to vote for the right-wing British National Party. Daniel Hopkins, a professor of political science at the University of Pennsylvania, found a similar pattern of ethnic change leading to anti-immigrant politics in the United States.
考夫曼和同事加雷思?哈里斯(Gareth Harris)发现，居住在那些人种快速多样化地域的英国白人更倾向于投给右翼的英国国家党(British National Party)。宾夕法尼亚大学政治学教授丹尼尔?霍普金斯(Daniel Hopkins)在美国发现了相似的民族变化导致反移民政策的规律。
Immigrant populations in Arkansas, North Carolina and Tennessee have more than tripled since 1990, noted Lee Drutman, a senior fellow at the New America Foundation, in an analysis for Vox. Anxiety over those changes may explain why the Republican Party became so much more focused on limiting immigration over that period — and why white voters in those states overwhelmingly support Mr. Trump.
新美国基金会(New America Foundation)高级研究员李?德鲁特曼(Lee Drutman)在一份给Vox的分析文章中指出，在阿肯色州、北卡罗莱纳州和田纳西州，移民人口是1990年的三倍以上。围绕这些变化产生的焦虑或许可以解释共和党为什么在这个阶段更关注限制移民问题，还有这些州的白人投票者们何以压倒性地支持特朗普。
THE WHITENESS TABOO
“白”之禁忌
For decades, the language of white identity has only existed in the context of white supremacy. When that became taboo, it left white identity politics without a vocabulary.
几十年来，白人身份认同话语只存在于白人至上论的语境之中。当白人至上论成为禁忌，白人身份政治就陷入一种失语状态。
If you are a working-class white person and you fear that the new, cosmopolitan world will destroy or diminish an identity you cherish, you have no culturally acceptable way to articulate what you perceive as a crisis.
如果你是一个工薪阶层的白人，担心这个充满国际性的新世界会摧毁或贬抑你所珍视的身份认同，那么你并没有一种在文化上能够被接受的方式，去阐明自己内心感受到的危机。
Some of these people have instead reached for issues that feel close to their concerns: trade, crime, the war on drugs, controlling the borders, fear of Islamist terrorism. All are significant in their own right, and create very real fears for many people, but they have also become a means to have a public conversation about what society’s changes mean for white majorities.
这些人当中，有些人会借助另一些问题表达他们的忧虑：贸易、犯罪、毒品战争、边境控制、对伊斯兰恐怖主义的恐惧。诚然，这些问题都很重要，也为许多人带来了真切的恐惧，但是它们已经变成一种方式，公众借助这些问题来讨论社会变革对于占多数的白人群体的影响。
Professor Ivarsflaten cited the U.K. Independence Party, whose official platform focused on Brexit but whose pitch to voters emphasized immigrants’ effects on the economy and culture, as an example of an effective hybrid populist pitch.
伊法斯夫拉腾以英国独立党(U.K. Independence Party)为例，它的官方平台力主脱欧，但是面向选民的宣传中又强调移民对经济与文化的影响，她说这是一种混合了务实与民粹的论调。
The approach has in some cases moved from the political fringes into the mainstream. Some leaders from Britain’s center-right, governing Conservative Party, for example, helped push a British exit, and since the referendum the new Conservative prime minister, Theresa May, has signaled sympathy with white identity politics.
在许多情况下，这种做法已经渐渐从政界边缘进入主流。比如说，英国的执政党保守党立场是中间偏右，它曾经推进英国脱欧，公投之后，新的保守党首相特丽莎?梅(Theresa May)表现出对白人身份政治的同情。
Mrs. May’s government proposed a rule that would publicly shame employers who hired foreign workers. And her first major speech was full of barbs directed against multiculturalism, including a jab against people who claimed to be “citizens of the world,” whom she called “citizens of nowhere.”
梅的政府提出了一条规则，以公开羞辱雇佣外国工人的雇主。她的第一次重要讲话中充满了对多元文化主义的尖锐讽刺，比如讽刺那些自称“世界公民”的人其实“哪儿的公民也不是”。
But the struggle for white identity is not just a political problem; it is about the “deep story” of feeling stuck while others move forward.
但是白人身份认同的斗争不仅仅是个政治问题，它也是一个“深藏的”故事，一个看到别人都在向前，自己却感觉困在原地的故事。
There will not likely be a return to the whiteness of social dominance and exclusive national identity. Immigration cannot be halted without damaging Western nations’ economies; immigrants who have already arrived cannot be expelled en masse without causing social and moral damage. And the other groups who seem to be “cutting in line” are in fact getting a chance at progress that was long denied them.
回归白人占统治地位的社会，实施排外的国民身份认同，这样的事情不太可能发生。移民一旦停止，肯定会损害西方国家的经济；如果大举驱逐已经到达的移民，肯定会引起社会与道德上的损失。那些看似来“插队”的人群其实是在寻觅一个机会，加入到一个长久以来把他们拒之门外的进程中来。
Western whites have a place within their nations’ new, broader national identities. But unless they accept it, the crisis of whiteness seems likely to continue.
在西方国家更新、更广泛的国民身份认同里，白人们也有自己的一席之地。但是除非他们接受这一点，“白”的危机仍会持续存在下去。
THE EFFECT OF RAPID CHANGE
飞速变化的效应
Social scientists, after crunching data from both sides of the Atlantic, have discovered something surprising: it’s not the amount of racial or ethnic diversity in a community that predicts white resentment and support of anti-immigrant policies, but the pace of change.
社会科学家们分析了来自大西洋两岸的数据，发现了一些惊人的事情：在社区内，引起白人不满，并令他们支持反移民政策的，并不是多样化民族或种族的人数，而是变化的速度。
Denmark, for instance, is 88 percent white Danish today — hardly a majority in jeopardy. But a generation ago, in 1980, it was 97 percent white. The anti-immigrant Danish People’s Party is now the second-largest party in the Danish Parliament. In Germany, where the foreign-born population shot up by approximately 75 percent between 2011 and 2015, the anti-immigrant, populist Alternative for Germany party is now drawing record support.
以丹麦为例，如今，88%的丹麦人口都是白人——这样的多数地位很难动摇。但在1980年，也就是上一代人的时候，丹麦有97%的人口是白人。反移民的丹麦人民党(Danish People’s Party)现在是丹麦议会中的第二大党。在德国，从2011年到2015年间，非本土出生人口激增了大约75%，反移民的民粹政党德国另类选择党(Alternative for Germany)如今获得了破纪录的支持率。
Britain saw a 66 percent increase in its foreign-born population between 2004 and 2014. Voters who chose “leave” in the recent referendum overwhelmingly cited immigration as their main concern.
在英国，从2004年到2014年，非本土出生的人口增长了66%。最近的全民公投中，投票选择“离开”的人大都说移民问题是自己最大的顾虑。
Professor Kaufmann and a colleague, Gareth Harris, found that white Britons who lived in areas that are rapidly diversifying became more likely to vote for the right-wing British National Party. Daniel Hopkins, a professor of political science at the University of Pennsylvania, found a similar pattern of ethnic change leading to anti-immigrant politics in the United States.
考夫曼和同事加雷思?哈里斯(Gareth Harris)发现，居住在那些人种快速多样化地域的英国白人更倾向于投给右翼的英国国家党(British National Party)。宾夕法尼亚大学政治学教授丹尼尔?霍普金斯(Daniel Hopkins)在美国发现了相似的民族变化导致反移民政策的规律。
Immigrant populations in Arkansas, North Carolina and Tennessee have more than tripled since 1990, noted Lee Drutman, a senior fellow at the New America Foundation, in an analysis for Vox. Anxiety over those changes may explain why the Republican Party became so much more focused on limiting immigration over that period — and why white voters in those states overwhelmingly support Mr. Trump.
新美国基金会(New America Foundation)高级研究员李?德鲁特曼(Lee Drutman)在一份给Vox的分析文章中指出，在阿肯色州、北卡罗莱纳州和田纳西州，移民人口是1990年的三倍以上。围绕这些变化产生的焦虑或许可以解释共和党为什么在这个阶段更关注限制移民问题，还有这些州的白人投票者们何以压倒性地支持特朗普。
THE WHITENESS TABOO
“白”之禁忌
For decades, the language of white identity has only existed in the context of white supremacy. When that became taboo, it left white identity politics without a vocabulary.
几十年来，白人身份认同话语只存在于白人至上论的语境之中。当白人至上论成为禁忌，白人身份政治就陷入一种失语状态。
If you are a working-class white person and you fear that the new, cosmopolitan world will destroy or diminish an identity you cherish, you have no culturally acceptable way to articulate what you perceive as a crisis.
如果你是一个工薪阶层的白人，担心这个充满国际性的新世界会摧毁或贬抑你所珍视的身份认同，那么你并没有一种在文化上能够被接受的方式，去阐明自己内心感受到的危机。
Some of these people have instead reached for issues that feel close to their concerns: trade, crime, the war on drugs, controlling the borders, fear of Islamist terrorism. All are significant in their own right, and create very real fears for many people, but they have also become a means to have a public conversation about what society’s changes mean for white majorities.
这些人当中，有些人会借助另一些问题表达他们的忧虑：贸易、犯罪、毒品战争、边境控制、对伊斯兰恐怖主义的恐惧。诚然，这些问题都很重要，也为许多人带来了真切的恐惧，但是它们已经变成一种方式，公众借助这些问题来讨论社会变革对于占多数的白人群体的影响。
Professor Ivarsflaten cited the U.K. Independence Party, whose official platform focused on Brexit but whose pitch to voters emphasized immigrants’ effects on the economy and culture, as an example of an effective hybrid populist pitch.
伊法斯夫拉腾以英国独立党(U.K. Independence Party)为例，它的官方平台力主脱欧，但是面向选民的宣传中又强调移民对经济与文化的影响，她说这是一种混合了务实与民粹的论调。
The approach has in some cases moved from the political fringes into the mainstream. Some leaders from Britain’s center-right, governing Conservative Party, for example, helped push a British exit, and since the referendum the new Conservative prime minister, Theresa May, has signaled sympathy with white identity politics.
在许多情况下，这种做法已经渐渐从政界边缘进入主流。比如说，英国的执政党保守党立场是中间偏右，它曾经推进英国脱欧，公投之后，新的保守党首相特丽莎?梅(Theresa May)表现出对白人身份政治的同情。
Mrs. May’s government proposed a rule that would publicly shame employers who hired foreign workers. And her first major speech was full of barbs directed against multiculturalism, including a jab against people who claimed to be “citizens of the world,” whom she called “citizens of nowhere.”
梅的政府提出了一条规则，以公开羞辱雇佣外国工人的雇主。她的第一次重要讲话中充满了对多元文化主义的尖锐讽刺，比如讽刺那些自称“世界公民”的人其实“哪儿的公民也不是”。
But the struggle for white identity is not just a political problem; it is about the “deep story” of feeling stuck while others move forward.
但是白人身份认同的斗争不仅仅是个政治问题，它也是一个“深藏的”故事，一个看到别人都在向前，自己却感觉困在原地的故事。
There will not likely be a return to the whiteness of social dominance and exclusive national identity. Immigration cannot be halted without damaging Western nations’ economies; immigrants who have already arrived cannot be expelled en masse without causing social and moral damage. And the other groups who seem to be “cutting in line” are in fact getting a chance at progress that was long denied them.
回归白人占统治地位的社会，实施排外的国民身份认同，这样的事情不太可能发生。移民一旦停止，肯定会损害西方国家的经济；如果大举驱逐已经到达的移民，肯定会引起社会与道德上的损失。那些看似来“插队”的人群其实是在寻觅一个机会，加入到一个长久以来把他们拒之门外的进程中来。
Western whites have a place within their nations’ new, broader national identities. But unless they accept it, the crisis of whiteness seems likely to continue.
在西方国家更新、更广泛的国民身份认同里，白人们也有自己的一席之地。但是除非他们接受这一点，“白”的危机仍会持续存在下去。
Some 150,000 rural residents in southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region escaped poverty last year, according to the Tibet Poverty Alleviation Office.
据西藏扶贫办公室透露，位于中国西南部的西藏自治区，去年共有15万农村居民脱贫。
"The autonomous region has invested 4 billion yuan (around 600 million US dollars) to promote industries with local features in poor areas, and relocated 77,000 poor people last year," said Lu Huadong, deputy director with the office.
办事处副局长卢华东说：“自治区已投资40亿元人民币（约合6亿美元），用于推动贫困地区特色的产业，去年重新安置了77000名贫困人口。”
Statistics showed that Tibet had around 590,000 rural poor by the end of 2015.
统计显示，截至2015年底，西藏约有59万农村贫困人口。
It plans to help at least 130,000 rural people cast off poverty and relocate 163,000 residents in 2017.
西藏自治区计划到2017年帮助至少13万农村人口脱贫，重新安置16.3万人。
"This year is a key period for Tibet's war against poverty. We will continue mapping out policies and plans in accordance with varying situations and causes of poverty and increasing funds," said Lu.
卢华东表示：“今年是西藏反贫困的重要时期，我们将根据不同情况和引起贫困的原因，继续制定政策和计划，并持续增加资金。”
In China, there were still 43 million people in rural areas living in poverty at the end of 2016. The country aims to help all of them out of poverty by 2020.
截至2016年底，中国仍有4300万农村地区的人口生活在贫困状态下。中国的目标是在2020年时帮助他们脱贫。
Bigger isn’t always better.
体积大未必就是好的。
People who are skeptical about this argument just need look at smartphones and personal computers, which have served as the technological driving force of the past century.
智能手机和电脑代表了20世纪科技发展的驱动力，任何人只要看到它们，就会打消对上述这句话的疑虑。
It is the continual shrinkage of components that have unleashed the explosion of computing power and enabled these gadgets to be accessible to people across the world.
正是由于零部件的不断缩小，这些科技设备的运算效率才得以释放，让它火遍全球。
Inspired by this, researchers and scientists have been working on areas where making things small may mean big results.
受此启发，研究者和科学家们都致力于研发体积小却意义重大的科技成果。
And this year, the Nobel Prize has defied the convention of celebrating big by presenting the biggest prizes to discoveries on the smallest scales.
而今年的诺贝尔奖，更是一反过往青睐大型科技成果的传统，将大奖颁给了体积最小的科学新发现。
The Nobel Prize in physiology or medicine was awarded to a cellular-level experiment.
今年的诺贝尔生理学或医学奖花落一项细胞层面的实验成果。
The committee *bestowed the award upon Yoshinori Ohsumi of the Tokyo Institute of Technology, for his research on *autophagy, which is a self-eating process seen in cells.
评委会将奖项授予了来自东京工业大学的大隅良典，以表彰他在细胞自噬作用研究上所做的贡献。
What’s more, in recognition of their working on the bizarre properties of matter in extreme states and taking their research all the way down to an atomic scale, the Nobel Prize for physics was awarded to three British-born scientists who currently work in the US.
而诺贝尔物理学奖则颁给了三位生于英国、目前正在美国工作的科学家，肯定了他们对极端状态下物质的特异属性所做的原子级研究。
Another exceptional new field is that of nanotechnology.
另一个出人意料的新领域是纳米技术。
The Nobel Prize in chemistry was awarded to a scientist who managed to build the world’s tiniest machines out of molecules.
诺贝尔化学奖颁给了一位尝试制作世界上最小的分子机器的科学家。
These contraptions, including a nano-sized car, are so small that they’re invisible to the human eye.
这些包括纳米汽车在内的轻巧设计小得甚至连肉眼都不可见。
Microscopic as the subjects are, the benefits of the scientists’ research are set to be huge.
尽管这些物质都十分微小，但相关科研成果的意义却是巨大的。
More importantly, their inventions may even eventually be turned into products that benefit mankind.
更重要的是，这些发明在将来或许还能投入生产，造福人类。
Ohsumi’s research on autophagy shines a light on ubiquitous diseases such as Parkinson’s and diabetes.
大隅在自噬作用上的研究成果，为帕金森病、糖尿病等常见疾病的治疗带来了一线希望。
As for the molecular motors, they’re geared up to bring huge potential to the fields of medicine and energy.
而分子马达将会为医药和能源领域带来巨大的潜力。
The ground-breaking discoveries in physics, have ignited a firestorm of research, and it’s only a matter of time before their research leads to advances as unimaginable to us now as lasers and computer chips were a hundred years ago, Laura H. Greene, president-elect of the American Physical Society told The New York Times.
物理学界这一开拓性的发现已经点燃科学研究的星星之火，而他们的这项研究发展为前沿科技，也不过是时间早晚的事罢了，就像100年前我们无法想象今天的激光和电脑芯片那样，美国物理学会候选会长劳拉?H?格林在接受《纽约时报》采访时表示。
More than 80 percent of Chinese students returned to the country after completing their studies abroad, and the country has sent 544,500 students in 2016 to study abroad.
超八成中国留学生会在国外完成学业之后归国，而2016年我国留学生的数量达到了544500人。
China's Ministry of Education (MOE) said at a news conference that most of the world's foreign students who study abroad are from China.
教育部在一场新闻发布会上表示，全球大多数的留学生都是来自中国。
Over 90 percent of them attended schools in English-speaking countries, such as the US, the UK and Australia, and over 70 percent pursue at least a bachelor's degree, according to the MOE.
据教育部表示，这些学生90%以上都就读于英语国家，例如美国、英国和澳大利亚等，70%的人至少是在攻读学士学位。
It also said 98 percent of government-sponsored students returned to China. Government-sponsored students who study abroad have chosen to pursue disciplines most needed in China, including engineering, the pure sciences, agriculture and medical science.
教育部还表示，公费留学学生的归国率达到了98%。公费留学生一般选择中国急需的专业，包括工程学、纯科学、农业和医学科学等。
The government-sponsored students have signed an agreement that says they are required to reimburse the government if they do not return home after completing their studies, said Xiong Binqi, vice president of 21st Century Education Research Institute.
据二十一世纪教育研究院副院长熊丙奇表示，公费留学生都签署了一项协议，如果完成学业后不回国的话，必须偿还政府的资助款项。
China is trying to attract more students with an international background because of the country's involvement in global cooperation, said Miao Lü, secretary general of the Center for China and Globalization.
据中国与全球化研究中心秘书长苗绿表示，因为中国正大力参与全球合作，因此中国正试图吸引更多具有国际背景的学生。
She added that because of economic conditions and anti-immigration sentiment in some Western countries, many Chinese students find it difficult to stay in those countries.
她还表示，由于西方一些国家的经济条件和反移民情绪，许多中国学生发现现在很难留在这些国家。
"Moreover, most Chinese families only have one child, so many of us return to China because we want to stay close to our family and friends," said a student surnamed Su, who gave up his job in the UK and returned to take care of his mother in China.
一名姓苏的学生表示：“此外，大多数中国家庭只有一个孩子，所以为了和家人朋友离得近一些，大多数留学生都会选择回国。”他放弃了自己在英国的工作，回国照顾自己的母亲。
More than 40 percent of consumer goods exported to China last year through e-commerce platforms fell short of standards, China's top quality watchdog said.
中国最高质量监督部门日前表示，去年通过网购平台出口到中国的消费品，超过40%是不合格的。
Last year, the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine conducted random quality inspections on 1,013 batches of such products, including consumer goods such as toys, paper diapers, clothing and kitchenware, with 415 found to be substandard, accounting for 40.9 percent of all sampled products, according to Han Yunping, spokesman for the administration.
据国家质量监督检验检疫总局发言人韩云平称，去年该局对1013批此类商品进行了随机检查--包括玩具、纸尿布、服装和厨具在内的消费品，其中415批商品不合格，占全部抽样产品的40.9%。
In addition to meeting quality standards, imported products must be correctly labeled in Chinese, according to national regulations.
除了要符合质量标准之外，进口商品还必须按中国规定正确标注。
The quality of consumer goods imported through channels other than e-commerce proved to be higher, with only 29 percent falling short of standards, according to figures released by the administration.
根据质检总局提供的数据显示，相比于通过网购平台进口的商品，通过其他渠道进口消费品的质量要高一些，不合格率仅为29%。
It organized two large-scale inspections last year, involving more than 5,300 batches of imported consumer goods, such as air purifiers, car brake blocks, household electrical appliances and clothes, with more than 1,500 found to be substandard, Han said.
韩云平称，去年质检总局组织了两次大规模的检查，涉及超过5300批的进口消费品，例如空气净化器、汽车刹车块、家用电器和服装等，其中超过1500批的商品不合格。
Last year, quality supervision authorities across China handled 36,000 cases relating to violations of laws on quality standards, involving 2.3 billion yuan's ($333 million) worth of goods, Han said.
韩云平表示，去年全国的质量监督部门共提交了36000起和违反质量标准有关的案件，涉及金额达23亿人民币（约合3.33亿美元）的货物。
"Quality supervision authorities at all levels must intensify quality supervision and keep cracking down on law violations to improve the quality of products and protect consumers' rights," said Mei Kebao, deputy head of the administration.
质检总局副局长梅克保说道：“各级质量监督部门必须加强质量监督、继续打击违法行为，从而提高产品质量、保护消费者的权利。”
The Olympic games are a time when the countries of the world should put aside their differences to engage in sport. Whether that actually happens, however, is debatable. While the athletes are surely capable of focusing on the competition, it can be hard for long-standing disagreements to be forgotten -- even temporarily -- by their home countries.
奥运会是世界各国放下分歧、从事体育运动的时刻。不过这究竟能否付诸实践，还是有争议的。虽然运动员们一定会专注于比赛，不过长期存在的分歧很难会被他们的祖国遗忘，即使是暂时遗忘。
If you plan to visit Brazil for the Olympic games, and to focus on sport and having fun, Google has you covered. In anticipation of the 2016 Rio Olympics, the search giant is bringing the 'Explore' feature to Brazil Maps.
如果你计划前往巴西去看奥运会，将注意力集中在运动和娱乐上面，谷歌可以全方位的帮到你。为迎接2016年里约奥运会，搜索巨头谷歌将在谷歌巴西地图推出“探索”功能。
The Explore experience in Brazil is available on both iPhone and Android. Simply open Google Maps on your mobile phone and tap "explore food And drinks near you" at the bottom of the screen. Depending on where you are and time of day, Google Maps will share lists of food and drink locations around you, ranging from "best breakfasts" to "waterside dining", says Bryan Cheng, Product Manager, Google Maps.
谷歌地图产品经理Bryan Cheng表示，iPhone和Android版用户均可使用该功能。只需打开手机上的谷歌地图，点击屏幕底部的"探索附近饮食"，谷歌地图就会根据你所在的地点和时间，分享附近的食物和饮料店铺的地址列表，从"最棒的早餐"到"河畔餐饮"都涵盖在内。
Cheng further says, "once you find a list that fits your needs, just tap on the list to see suggested locations. Then swipe right or left to see more options and tap 'read more' or the arrow at the bottom of the screen to select a venue and get more details.".
Cheng继续说道：“一旦你找到适合自身需求的列表，只需轻按该列表即可看到推荐店铺的位置，然后通过左右滑动来查看更多选项，点击"阅读更多"或者屏幕底部的箭头可以选择地点和获得更多细节。”
Are you heading to Rio for the Olympics? Will you leverage the Google Maps app on Android or iOS? I think you already have the answer.
你要去里约看奥运会吗？你会在安卓或者iOS上装谷歌地图这个应用软件吗？我想你已经有了答案了。
A BuzzFeed News analysis has identified the 50 fake news stories that attracted the most engagement on Facebook this year. Together they totaled 21.5 million likes, comments, and shares. Of these stories, 23 were about US politics, two were about women using their vaginas as murder weapons, and one was about a clown doll that actually was a person the whole time.
一个由BuzzFeed News（译者注：类似今日头条的新闻搜集网站）所做的分析揭示了本年度Facebook上流传最广的50条假新闻。他们加起来大约有2150万次的点赞、评论及分享。在这些新闻里，23条和美国政治相关，2条关于女人用她们的阴道作为谋杀用的凶器，还有1条关于一个小丑娃娃其实一直都是个真人。
BuzzFeed News defined “fake news” as news that was verifiably “100 percent false” and drawn from a list of 96 websites purposely created to disseminate false information.
BuzzFeed News将“假新闻”定义为已经被验证“100%是假的”，并且列出了96家喜欢传播这些虚假信息的网站。
You can read the full list of stories, but here are the top five:
你可以点击此处浏览全部的假新闻，这里列出的是排名前五的假新闻：
●"Obama Signs Executive Order Banning The Pledge Of Allegiance In Schools Nationwide"
● “奥巴马签署行政令禁止学校读效忠宣言”
●"Woman arrested for defecating on boss’ desk after winning the lottery"
● “女子中彩票后在老板桌上排便被捕”
●"Pope Francis Shocks World, Endorses Donald Trump for President, Releases Statement"
● “教皇方济各公开宣称支持特朗普”
●"Trump Offering Free One-Way Tickets to Africa & Mexico for Those Who Wanna Leave America"
● “特朗普为想要离开美国的公民提供非洲或墨西哥单程机票”
●"Cinnamon Roll Can Explodes Inside Man’s Butt During Shoplifting Incident"
● “肉桂卷会在人类屁股内爆炸”
Notably, the domain name for the top fake news story of the year is “abcnews.com.co.” In a November interview with The Verge, Professor Nicole A. Cooke of the University of Illinois’ School of Information Sciences cited the slight modification of familiar domains as a particularly dangerous and common tactic for fake news sites. They make the source look reputable at first glance. The man who operates abcnews.com.co told The Washington Post that he believes his websites were a key factor in the election of Donald Trump.
值得注意的是，本年度传播假消息之首的网站域名当属“abcnews.com.co.” 在十一月的一次Verge的采访中，伊利诺伊州大学信息科学学院的Nicole A. Cooke教授引用了一个假新闻网站上的消息，这个假新闻网站使用的是危险和普遍的策略，即域名和真网站看上去只有微小的区别。他们让消息源从第一眼看上去具备真实性。管理abcnews.com.co的人告诉华盛顿邮报，他相信他的网站在特朗普大选期间充当了一个重要的因素。
And, at random, some other highlights from the list:
我们再来看看名单里一些其他的亮点：
●"Florida man dies in meth-lab explosion after lighting farts on fire"
● “佛罗里达一男子在毒品实验室放屁引发火灾，后死于爆炸”
●"President Obama Confirms He Will Refuse To Leave Office If Trump Is Elected"
● “奥巴马总统证实，如果特朗普当选他将拒绝离开白宫”
●Van Full Of Illegals Shows Up To Vote Clinton At SIX Polling Places, Still Think Voter Fraud Is A Myth?
● 一群非法投票人在六个投票点出现给希拉里投票，你们还以为选民骗局是假的吗？
●"Man shoots off his own penis taking selfies with gun"
● “一男子持枪自拍时不小心把自己JJ射了”
●“Girl Infects 586 Men With HIV On Purpose, Plans On Infecting 2,000 More Before 2017 - TRENDING”
● “一艾滋病女子故意传播艾滋病给586名男子，计划在2017年之前传染2000人以上”
You might want to hope that people shared these articles as a joke. I want to hope that. But we can’t: the analysis points to a recent BuzzFeed and Ipsos Public Affairs poll which found that 75 percent of Americans (84 percent of Republicans and 71 percent of Democrats) were easily tricked by fake headlines. What a fantastic year for fact-checking and rational thought and Mark Zuckerberg’s self-awareness.
你可能希望分享这些文章的人是出于开玩笑，我也是这么想的。但是我们不能：这个分析指出，通过一个近期的BuzzFeed和Ipsos的公众事务民调显示，75%的美国人（84%的共和党人以及71%的民主党人）很容易就被假新闻的标题所欺骗。这是关于真实性调查、理性思维、扎克伯格的自我意识的梦幻一年。
SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — Puerto Rico’s new governor was sworn in Monday as the U.S. territory prepares for what many believe will be new austerity measures and a renewed push for statehood to haul the island out of a deep economic crisis.
（美联社）波多黎各，圣胡安市 － 波多黎各新总督周一宣誓就职，作为美国领土许多人认为要为新的紧缩措施做准备，并为该岛摆脱严重的经济危机重新推动建州或独立。
Gov. Ricardo Rossello, 37, proposed several measures aimed at alleviating the crisis shortly after he was sworn in at midnight. Among them is a proposal to hold a referendum that would ask voters whether they prefer statehood or independence. Many have argued that Puerto Rico’s political status has contributed to its decade-long crisis that has prompted more than 200,000 people to flee to the U.S. mainland in recent years.
37岁的总督瑞奇·罗塞略在午夜宣誓后提出了几项用于缓解短期危机的措施。其中包括一项公投的提案将询问投票公民是否同意建州或独立。许多人认为，波多黎各的政治地位产生了长达十年的危机，近年来已促使超过20万波多黎各人逃往美国大陆。
Rossello also has pledged to work closely with a federal control board that U.S. Congress created last year to oversee Puerto Rico’s finances, and he has said he supports negotiations with creditors to help restructure a nearly $70 billion public debt.
罗塞略致力于改善公私合作伙伴关系，并使用这笔收入来挽救面临400亿美元的退休制度，预计不到一年就会崩溃。罗塞略也承诺与美国国会去年成立监督波多黎各财政的联邦控制委员会密切合作，他还说支持与债权人就协助重组一笔近700亿美元的公债谈判。
Thousands of supporters awaited Rossello’s arrival for the post-swearing-in inauguration ceremony at the island’s seaside Capitol building, clutching umbrellas to protect themselves from a searing sun.
在岛上海边的总督大楼，数万名支持群众等待罗塞略在宣誓就职典礼后的到来，手握着伞挡住炽热阳光。
“This is a historic moment for Puerto Rico,” said 50-year-old Jose Davila as he waved a large flag from Rossello’s pro-statehood party. “He’s the hope of our island, he’s the hope for statehood, he’s the hope for a people that have suffered.”
"这是波多黎各的历史时刻"，50岁的何塞·达维拉，他从力挺罗塞略的政党上挥舞大旗一边说着。"总督是我们岛上的希望，也是受苦的人民的希望"。
Puerto Ricans have been hit with dozens of new taxes in the past four years and increases in utility bills as former Gov. Alejandro Garcia Padilla aimed to generate more revenue for a government he said was running out of money. Despite those and other measures, the island’s government has defaulted on millions of dollars’ worth of bond payments and declared a state of emergency at several agencies.
波多黎各人自前任总督的过去4年受到了几十项新税收的影响，还增加了水电费。加西亚·帕迪利亚设法为政府创造更多的收入，他说资金正在用尽。尽管有某些和那些措施，岛上政府已经违约上百万美元的债券付款，数个机构宣布进入紧急状态。
The federal control board has requested a revised fiscal plan that has to be approved by end of January, saying that the one Garcia submitted last year was in part unrealistic and relied too heavily on federal funds. Garcia had refused to submit a revised plan to include austerity measures. Rossello has said he would request an extension of that deadline as well as an extension of a moratorium that expires in February and currently protects Puerto Rico from lawsuits filed by angered creditors.
联邦控制委员会要求修订的财政计划必须在1月底前批准，举出加西亚去年提交的部份是不现实的，并过度依赖联邦资金。加西亚拒绝提交一项修订计划，包括紧缩措施。罗塞略已经表示，他将要求延长还款期限与在2月到期的延缓偿付，目前保护波多黎各避免被愤怒的债权人诉讼。
The new governor also seeks to privatize services such as the generation of energy, establish an office to oversee and distribute federal funds to cut down on corruption, and to create financial incentives for doctors to boost the number of dwindling specialists.
新总督还寻求私有化如能源生产部门的服务，设立一个办公室监督和分类联邦资金以减少腐败，并为医生创造财政奖励，以提升日益减少的专家人数。
As supporters kept streaming toward the Capitol building, one yelled out, “Today, a new Puerto Rico begins!” to the cheers of others, including those holding U.S. flags.
当支持者在周一早些时候涌向总督大楼，一人高喊，"今天，新的波多黎各开始了！" 随着其他人的欢呼，包括那些拿着美国国旗的群众。
Hunger Games star Jennifer Lawrence on Tuesday topped a Forbes magazine list of the world’s highest-paid actress for the second straight year, earning some $46 million, followed by Melissa McCarthy.
福布斯杂志本周二发布全球收入最高女星排行榜，《饥饿游戏》女星詹妮弗-劳伦斯连续第二年蝉联榜首，收入约为4600万美元。排名第二的是著名美国谐星梅丽莎?麦卡西。
Lawrence, 26, took the top spot largely through a slice of the profits from the final movie in the Hunger Games franchise, as well as a big upfront fee for her forthcoming space adventure movie Passengers, Forbes said.
福布斯杂志称，26岁的劳伦斯能排名榜首，大部分得益于从《饥饿游戏》系列影片的最后一部中分得的收入，以及从她参与拍摄的即将上映的太空探险影片《乘客》中所得的一大笔预付费。
Lawrence’s 2016 earnings dropped 11.5 percent from her 2015 total of $52 million. Forbes will release its list of the world’s highest-paid actors on Thursday. Last year Robert Downey Jr. topped the list with an estimated $80 million.
劳伦斯2016年的收入比2015年（5200万美元）减少了11.5%。本周四福布斯杂志还将发布2016年收入最高的男星排行榜。去年荣膺榜首的是小罗伯特-唐尼，收入约为8000万美元。
McCarthy took home $33 million in earnings, up $10 million from 2015.
著名美国谐星梅丽莎?麦卡西收入为3300万美元，比去年增加了1000万美元。
Scarlett Johansson of Captain America: Civil War was third at $25 million, down nearly 30 percent from 2015.
出演《美国队长3：英雄决裂》的斯嘉丽-约翰逊排名第三，收入为2500万美元，比去年下降了近30%。
Together, the world’s 10 highest-paid actresses tallied a combined $205 million between June 1, 2015 and June 1, 2016, before management fees and taxes, Forbes said.
福布斯表示，如果不扣除管理费和税费，在2015年6月1日到2016年6月1日期间，全球收入最高的10位女星共入账2.05亿美元。
The estimates include earnings from movies, TV and endorsements from cosmetic and other companies. Bollywood star Deepika Padukone is the only newcomer on the list.
所估计的收入来自电影、电视、化妆品及其他公司代言。宝莱坞女星迪皮卡?帕度柯妮是唯一一位首次入围的女星。
The rest of the top 10 2016 highest-paid actresses are:
全球收入最高的女星排行榜4-10位：
4. Jennifer Aniston - $21 million
4. 詹妮弗-安妮斯顿 2100万美元
5. Fan Bingbing - $17 million
5. 范冰冰 1700万美元
6. Charlize Theron - $16.5 million
6. 查理兹-塞隆 1650万美元
7. Amy Adams - $13.5 million
7. 艾米-亚当斯 1350万美元
8. Julia Roberts - $12 million
8. 茱莉亚-罗伯茨 1200万美元
9. Mila Kunis - $11 million
9. 米拉-库尼斯 1100万美元
10. Deepika Padukone - $10 million
10. 迪皮卡-帕度柯妮 1000万美元
Russian and English fans may have dominated headlines during this month's Euro 2016 football championships for their boorish, thuggish behavior.
2016年的欧洲杯足球赛，俄罗斯与英国球迷因其粗鲁及流氓行为一直占据新闻头条。
But what about the tens of thousands of Irish fans? They're out of control.
但是那数以千计的爱尔兰球迷呢?他们已经失控。
In the best possible way.
但是以一种最好的方式。
This is the moment hundreds of lovestruck Irish football fans gathered around a blonde French girl and serenaded her - and one admirer even stole a kiss from the woman at the end.
数百名为爱痴迷的爱尔兰球迷在球场外集体围着并示爱法国金发女郎。一名仰慕者最后甚至索吻成功。
They appeared in high spirits despite losing three-nil to Belgium on Saturday .
虽然周六欧锦赛中爱尔兰0-3不敌比利时，但这并没有让赴波尔多看球的爱尔兰球迷一蹶不振。
A hilarious video showed the swaying crowds singing Can’t Take My Eyes Off You and Hey Baby to the laughing young woman in Bordeaux.
在波尔多足球场外，一个欢闹的视频中摇摆的人群对着一名笑着的年轻女子大唱“Can’t Take My Eyes Off You and Hey Baby”。
The clip, taken on a mobile phone, starts with the crowd singing the Frankie Valli lyrics: You're just too good to be true, can't take my eyes off of you'.
“你美丽得如此不真实，我的视线无法从你身上移开”，这爱意满满的歌声使金发女郎笑得合不拢嘴，同时她也拿出手机记录下了这美妙的一刻。
One of the men even swoops in to give the girl a quick kiss on the cheek. He turns around in mock-embarrassment and gives his friend a hug, while the young woman speaks to her friend in French.
其中一个球迷站在女孩对面的球迷俯下身来想和女孩索吻，此时女孩正与她的朋友用法语交谈时，男子假装很囧地和旁边一个朋友来了一个拥抱。
She then turns back and pecks the man on the cheek, as the crowd erupts in cheers around them.
之后，女孩回头并踮起脚尖轻轻亲吻了男子的脸颊，旁边的人群顿时高声欢呼起来。
And a few stopped to change a tire for an elderly French couple.
几名爱尔兰球迷停下来帮一对法国老夫妇换轮胎。
The Irish. They sing, dance, drink and sing some more. The lads were singing lullabies to a little baby in Bordeaux to try and get it to go to sleep.
爱尔兰球迷。他们唱歌，跳舞，喝酒然后再唱歌。波尔多，球迷小伙们正在给一个法国婴儿唱摇篮曲让小孩睡觉。
While people in first-tier cities are under more pressure, smaller cities may not be the ideal place to live either, according to the 2016 Annual Report on Social Mentality of China by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.
中国社会科学院近日发布的《中国社会心态研究报告(2016)》显示，一线城市居民生活压力较大，不过小城市也未必是宜居地。
The results are based on a survey of 15,870 people across the country in August and September.
报告结果基于今年8月、9月针对全国15870位民众开展的调查。
According to the report, people living in first-tier cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen suffer much higher economic pressure, while fourth-tier and smaller cities offer fewer job opportunities and connection plays an important role in every aspect of life there.
报告称，北上广深等一线城市居民承受着较大的经济压力；而四线及以下城市的工作机会较少，人脉在生活的各个方面都起着重要作用。
People in fourth-tier and smaller cities have economic pressures close to the national average level in terms of income, education, medical services and elderly care, while family and human relationship stress are higher than second- and third-tier cities.
四线及以下城市居民在收入、教育、医疗、养老方面的经济压力与国家平均水平相近，而家庭和人际关系方面的压力比二三线城市大。
The report found that third-tier cities are most livable places.
报告发现，三线城市是最适合居住的地方。
Those in third-tier cities are under relatively low financial stress and human relations stress, and enjoy better social and natural environments, and infrastructure.
三线城市居民的经济压力和人际关系压力相对较小，且拥有更好的社会环境、自然环境和基础设施。
The booming Internet economy now is playing an increasingly important role in supporting wealth growth in China's IT industry.
如今，蓬勃发展的互联网经济在支撑我国信息技术(IT)行业财富增长方面正发挥着越来越重要的作用。
According to the 2016 Hurun IT Rich List released last Tuesday, the average wealth of the top 50 Chinese IT tycoons hit a record, surging 13% year-on-year to 26.9 billion yuan.
于上周二发布的《2016胡润IT富豪榜》显示，排在前50名的中国IT富豪的平均财富同比上涨13%，至创纪录的269亿元。
Jack Ma, founder and executive chairman of e-commerce giant Alibaba Group topped the ranking of China's richest IT people for the third consecutive year.
电商巨头阿里巴巴集团创始人、董事局主席马云连续第三年成为我国"IT首富"。
Jack Ma and his family's total wealth in IT industry was 195 billion yuan, followed by Tencent Holdings founder Pony Ma, whose wealth increased by 30% year-on-year to 134 billion yuan.
马云及其家族在IT行业的财富总额为1950亿元；腾讯控股创始人马化腾位居第二，其财富同比上涨了30%，至1340亿元。
Due to the rapid growth of the online gaming sector, NetEase founder Ding Lei doubled his wealth to 96 billion yuan, surpassing Baidu Inc Chairman Robin Li and ranking third in the IT rich list.
得益于网络游戏产业的快速增长，网易公司创始人丁磊的财富翻倍至960亿元，超越了百度公司董事长李彦宏，在IT富豪榜上排名第三。
Hurun Chairman Rupert Hoogewerf said: "Those entrepreneurs should be called 'super wealth creators' instead of simply 'rich people', which could highlight their contribution to China's society and economy."
胡润主席鲁伯特·霍格沃尔夫表示：“这些企业家应该被称为‘超级财富创造者’，而不是简简单单的富豪。他们会对中国社会和经济带来突出的贡献 。”
Compared with an average age of 45, 52-year-old Jack Ma is the oldest among the top 10 IT tycoons.
IT富豪榜排名前十的富豪的平均年龄为45岁，现年52岁的马云是其中年纪最大的一位。
Among the top 50 IT tycoons, five were born in the 1980s, including 33-year-old Cheng Wei, chief executive officer of Didi Chuxing.
排名前50的IT富豪中，有五位是80后，其中包括滴滴出行现年33岁的首席执行官程维。
Chen Lihua, 75, founder of Fu Wah International Group, a company engaged in real estate development, has become China's richest woman with a net worth totaling 50.5 billion yuan, according to the report Richest Women in China 2016 released by Hurun Research Institution.
根据胡润研究院日前发布的《2016中国女富豪榜》，现年75岁的房地产开发企业富华国际集团创始人陈丽华凭借总共505亿元的资本净值成为中国女首富。
Chen is followed by Yang Huiyan, the 35-year-old heiress to Country Garden, a property development company based in Guangdong. Yang is worth 48.5 billion yuan.
总部位于广东的房地产开发企业碧桂园集团现年35岁的女继承人杨惠妍以485亿元的身家紧随其后。
Zhou Qunfei from Lens Technology, the major touchscreen maker, ranks third on the list with a net worth of 45 billion yuan.
触摸屏主要生产商蓝思科技的周群飞以450亿元的资本净值位列榜单第3。
According to the institution, only women with a net worth exceeding 8 billion yuan are eligible to be selected as one of the top 50 richest women in China.
胡润研究院称，只有资本净值超过80亿元的女性才有资格入围中国女富豪榜前50名。
Further, 32 out of the 50 new selected female billionaires started their businesses from scratch.
此外，在最新出炉的50位亿万女富豪中，有32位是白手起家。
23% of wealthy Chinese women work in real estate and 18% of them are involved in finance and investment, followed by manufacturing accounting for 14%.
从事房地产业的中国女富豪最多，占23%，金融投资业占18%，制造业占14%。
Among the top 50 richest women in the world, entrepreneurs from the Chinese mainland account for 56%.
在全球前50名女富豪中，中国大陆的女企业家占56%。
Chinese property magnate Wang Jianlin has defended his crown as the country's richest man, according to the annual Hurun rich list, fending off Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N) founder Jack Ma and new players on the block like Baoneng's Yao Zhenhua.
根据2016年胡润百富榜，中国房地产大亨王健林击败了阿里巴巴集团创始人马云以及异军突起的宝能投资集团董事长姚振华，再度蝉联中国首富。
Wang, the chairman of Dalian Wanda Group, took the top spot with a personal fortune of $32.1 billion, the report said, despite Ma seeing his wealth surge 41 percent from 2015.
报告指出，大连万达集团主席王健林以321亿美元的个人财富荣登榜首，而马云的个人财富在2015年上涨了41%。
The annual rich list of China's movers and shakers gives a temperature check on where money is flowing in China, and underlines the growing financial muscle of the country's super-rich.
中国财富榜每年的变化反映了中国资本的流动，显示了这个国家超级富豪的金融实力。
Yao Zhenhua, the chairman of Baoneng Group and the biggest riser since 2015, saw his wealth shoot up 820 percent to $17.2 billion, elevating him to fourth in the overall list.
宝能投资集团董事长姚振华是2015年财富榜的黑马，他的财富在一年之内上升了820%，达到172亿美元，使他上升到财富榜第四位。
Yao has been at the center of a hostile takeover battle for China's largest real estate developer China Vanke Co Ltd (000002.SZ).
姚振华在收购中国最大房地产商万科股份的竞争中引起了关注。
Hurun founder Rupert Hoogewerf said Yao represented a new wave of wealthy Chinese, those whose money came from playing the financial markets as opposed to more traditional routes like trade or manufacturing.
胡润百富榜创始人胡润表示，姚振华代表了一类新型的中国富人，他们的财富不是来自贸易或者制造业，而是来自金融市场操作。
"There's a new type of wealth creation coming out," he told Reuters, adding China was having to adapt as the wider economy was "very materially slowing down".
胡润在接受路透社采访时表示：“这是一种新型的财富创造方式。”他还表示，中国经济正在缓慢下行，中国必须适应这种方式。
The report said there were now 594 dollar billionaires in China, putting China ahead of the United States' 535. However, none of China's super-rich make it into the global top 20.
这份报告还指出，中国现在共有594名以美元计的亿万富翁，这一数字超越了美国的535名，但是并没有一名中国富翁进入全球首富前20名。
Actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Lady Gaga have led the winners at this year's Golden Globe awards.
莱昂纳多迪卡普里奥和嘎嘎小姐在今年金球奖拔得头筹。
The actor - who is heavily tipped for his first Oscar this year - won the gong for best actor in a film drama for his role in The Revenant, beating rivals including Eddie Redmayne who was nominated for The Danish Girl.
莱昂纳多凭借他在《荒野猎人》中的演出斩获最佳男演员奖项，打败了埃迪雷德梅尼等劲敌。埃迪凭借在《丹麦女孩》中的演出获得金球奖提名。坊间盛传小李子有望在今年夺得他人生中第一座奥斯卡奖杯。
DiCaprio received a pat on the back from producer Harvey Weinstein and a standing ovation from the crowd as he collected the award for best actor in a drama for The Revenant.
当小李子上台领取奖杯时，制片人哈维韦恩斯坦兴奋地拍拍他的背，全场观众起立为他喝彩。
Arriving at the stage, he said: "What an incredible honour, that meant a lot. Two years ago we found ourselves submerged deep in nature with all its complications and all the beauty that it gave us cinematically.
站在舞台中央，莱昂纳多发言说：“这是无上的荣誉，对我意义重大。两年前当我们置身于荒野当中拍摄电影，我们深深地被大自然的美丽和庞杂所感染。
"This film was about survival, adaptation and the triumph of the human spirit and more importantly it was about trust.”
“这部电影讲述的是在荒野中求生存、适应自然以及人文精神的胜利，更重要的主题是信任。”
Pop superstar Gaga also took home the award for best actress in a limited television series or movie for her role as the villainous Countess in American Horror Story: Hotel. The Born This Way singer made an emotional speech as she was awarded a Golden Globe for her role in the HBO hit.
流行天后嘎嘎小姐凭借她在HBO热门短剧《美国恐怖故事：旅馆》中扮演的反面角色获得了最佳女主角的奖杯。当她上台领奖时，她的情绪很激动。
She said she wanted to be an actress before becoming a singer, but explained that "music worked out first" before adding: "I feel like Cher in the film Moonstruck. It's like one of the great moments of my life."
她称自己在成为歌手前本来是想当演员的，不过她的音乐事业先获得了成功。她还说“我感觉自己就像电影《月色撩人》中的雪儿。这是我人生中最精彩的时刻之一。”
Kate Winslet also won the Golden Globe for best supporting actress for a movie for her role in Steve Jobs. The actress remained in her seat looking dumbfounded after she was named best supporting actress in a film for her portrayal of Joanna Hoffman in Steve Jobs.
凯特温丝莱特凭借她在电影《乔布斯》中扮演的乔安娜霍夫曼一角斩获金球奖最佳女配角奖项。当她听到自己获奖时，她目瞪口呆地坐在椅子上不敢相信。
She said: "I am extremely surprised and overwhelmed. I just want to start by saying what an incredible year for women in film. These categories are so crowed and crammed with incredible integrity and skill and I feel prouder than ever to be included."
她说：“我实在太惊讶了，简直是受宠若惊。我想说的是这一年对于影坛女性是极不平凡的一年。各个奖项的角逐者的品格和演技都是那么出众，能够入选让我倍感骄傲。”
Matt Damon was named best actor in a comedy or musical motion picture for his role as a stranded astronaut in The Martian.
马特达蒙凭借他在《火星救援》中扮演的被困宇航员一角而荣获喜剧类最佳男主角奖项。
Jennifer Lawrence also took home the gong for best actress in a movie for her role in the critical darling Joy.
詹妮弗劳伦斯也凭借她在《奋斗的乔伊》中的表演喜获最佳女主角奖项。
Rachel Bloom burst into tears as she won best lead in a comedy or musical TV show while Amazon show Mozart In The Jungle was another surprise victor at the awards show when it was named best TV comedy.
当瑞秋布鲁姆听闻自己赢得喜剧类电视最佳女主角奖项时，喜极而泣。亚马逊节目《丛林中的莫扎特》也意外斩获最佳剧集奖项。
The Martian was named best comedy or musical motion picture.
《火星救援》获评喜剧/音乐类最佳影片。
Revenge epic The Revenant was named best drama picture and DiCaprio and Inarritu walked to the stage to collect it together.
复仇史诗电影《荒野猎人》获评剧情类最佳影片。小李子和导演伊纳里图一同上台领奖。
Inarritu said: "I forgot to thank all the native Americans who made this film possible. I cannot say how surprised I am and how proud I am to have survived this film with all these fellows."
伊纳里图表示：“我差点忘记感谢所有参与拍摄的美国印第安人了，没有他们，这部电影不可能拍摄出来。我能够和这些人一起活着拍完这部电影，心中的惊喜和骄傲难以用语言表达。”
Actors Leonardo DiCaprio and Lady Gaga have led the winners at this year's Golden Globe awards.
莱昂纳多·迪卡普里奥和嘎嘎小姐在今年金球奖拔得头筹。
The actor - who is heavily tipped for his first Oscar this year - won the gong for best actor in a film drama for his role in The Revenant, beating rivals including Eddie Redmayne who was nominated for The Danish Girl.
莱昂纳多凭借他在《荒野猎人》中的演出斩获最佳男演员奖项，打败了埃迪·雷德梅尼等劲敌。埃迪凭借在《丹麦女孩》中的演出获得金球奖提名。坊间盛传小李子有望在今年夺得他人生中第一座奥斯卡奖杯。
DiCaprio received a pat on the back from producer Harvey Weinstein and a standing ovation from the crowd as he collected the award for best actor in a drama for The Revenant.
当小李子上台领取奖杯时，制片人哈维·韦恩斯坦兴奋地拍拍他的背，全场观众起立为他喝彩。
Arriving at the stage, he said: "What an incredible honour, that meant a lot. Two years ago we found ourselves submerged deep in nature with all its complications and all the beauty that it gave us cinematically.
站在舞台中央，莱昂纳多发言说：“这是无上的荣誉，对我意义重大。两年前当我们置身于荒野当中拍摄电影，我们深深地被大自然的美丽和庞杂所感染。
"This film was about survival, adaptation and the triumph of the human spirit and more importantly it was about trust.”
“这部电影讲述的是在荒野中求生存、适应自然以及人文精神的胜利，更重要的主题是信任。”
Pop superstar Gaga also took home the award for best actress in a limited television series or movie for her role as the villainous Countess in American Horror Story: Hotel. The Born This Way singer made an emotional speech as she was awarded a Golden Globe for her role in the HBO hit.
流行天后嘎嘎小姐凭借她在HBO热门短剧《美国恐怖故事：旅馆》中扮演的反面角色获得了最佳女主角的奖杯。当她上台领奖时，她的情绪很激动。
She said she wanted to be an actress before becoming a singer, but explained that "music worked out first" before adding: "I feel like Cher in the film Moonstruck. It's like one of the great moments of my life."
她称自己在成为歌手前本来是想当演员的，不过她的音乐事业先获得了成功。她还说“我感觉自己就像电影《月色撩人》中的雪儿。这是我人生中最精彩的时刻之一。”
Kate Winslet also won the Golden Globe for best supporting actress for a movie for her role in Steve Jobs. The actress remained in her seat looking dumbfounded after she was named best supporting actress in a film for her portrayal of Joanna Hoffman in Steve Jobs.
凯特·温丝莱特凭借她在电影《乔布斯》中扮演的乔安娜·霍夫曼一角斩获金球奖最佳女配角奖项。当她听到自己获奖时，她目瞪口呆地坐在椅子上不敢相信。
She said: "I am extremely surprised and overwhelmed. I just want to start by saying what an incredible year for women in film. These categories are so crowed and crammed with incredible integrity and skill and I feel prouder than ever to be included."
她说：“我实在太惊讶了，简直是受宠若惊。我想说的是这一年对于影坛女性是极不平凡的一年。各个奖项的角逐者的品格和演技都是那么出众，能够入选让我倍感骄傲。”
Matt Damon was named best actor in a comedy or musical motion picture for his role as a stranded astronaut in The Martian.
马特·达蒙凭借他在《火星救援》中扮演的被困宇航员一角而荣获喜剧类最佳男主角奖项。
Jennifer Lawrence also took home the gong for best actress in a movie for her role in the critical darling Joy.
詹妮弗·劳伦斯也凭借她在《奋斗的乔伊》中的表演喜获最佳女主角奖项。
Rachel Bloom burst into tears as she won best lead in a comedy or musical TV show while Amazon show Mozart In The Jungle was another surprise victor at the awards show when it was named best TV comedy.
当瑞秋·布鲁姆听闻自己赢得喜剧类电视最佳女主角奖项时，喜极而泣。亚马逊节目《丛林中的莫扎特》也意外斩获最佳剧集奖项。
The Martian was named best comedy or musical motion picture.
《火星救援》获评喜剧/音乐类最佳影片。
Revenge epic The Revenant was named best drama picture and DiCaprio and Inarritu walked to the stage to collect it together.
复仇史诗电影《荒野猎人》获评剧情类最佳影片。小李子和导演伊纳里图一同上台领奖。
Inarritu said: "I forgot to thank all the native Americans who made this film possible. I cannot say how surprised I am and how proud I am to have survived this film with all these fellows."
伊纳里图表示：“我差点忘记感谢所有参与拍摄的美国印第安人了，没有他们，这部电影不可能拍摄出来。我能够和这些人一起活着拍完这部电影，心中的惊喜和骄傲难以用语言表达。”
The number of university graduates reached 7.65 million in 2016, hitting a new historic high, the Beijing News reported. Plus, the number of students graduating from secondary vocational schools hit 4.35 million, bringing the total figure to 12 million.
据《新京报》报道，今年我国高校毕业生达765万人，创历史新高。此外，中职毕业生达435万人，应届毕业生总人数达1200万。
Promoting employment should be prioritized, said Premier Li Keqiang at a meeting organized by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security on last Friday.
国务院总理李克强在上周五由人力资源和社会保障部组织的一次会议上表示，要优先促进就业。
According to a research report on 2016 graduates released by 51job.com, a leading job hunting platform in China, 52.11% of college graduates found employment or started their own business.
根据国内领先的求职平台前程无忧近日发布的一份关于2016年应届毕业生的研究报告显示，52.11%的高校毕业生已找到工作或自主创业。
The study was based on 3,095 questionnaires from 2016 graduates and 1,661 questionnaires from employers across the country.
该研究基于全国3095份应届毕业生调查问卷和1661份雇主调查问卷。
China's employment situation is generally stable in the first quarter of 2016, said Li Zhong, Spokesman of the Ministry, adding that the economic downturn and structural reform, however, make employment more difficult.
人社部发言人李忠表示，2016年第一季度。我国的就业形势总体保持稳定。不过他补充说道，经济下滑和结构改革，使就业更困难。
A report from the ministry showed that employers recruited 5.2 million workers through public employment service agencies in the first quarter, dropping 229,000, or 4.5 percent, from the previous year.
根据人社部的一份报告显示，雇主们在第一季度通过公共就业服务机构共招募了520万名职工，这一数字同比去年减少了229000人，也就是下降了百分之4.5。
Shanghai is the most popular destination for new job seekers, followed by Shenzhen, Guangzhou and Beijing. Provincial capitals cities in central and western regions are also among the top choices for the new graduates.
除了深圳、广州和北京，上海也是毕业生就业找工作最受欢迎的城市。此外，中部和西部的省会城市也是毕业生就业的首选之地。
They boast two of the biggest fan bases in the world.But it was Shawn Mendes who reigned supreme during the 2017 Europe Music Awards 2017, held inside London's SSE Arena, Wembley, on Sunday night, as Taylor Swift lost out in all five of her categories.
他们两个自称拥有着世界上最大的两个粉丝基础。但是周日晚上，在伦敦温布利SSE竞技场上举行的2017年欧洲音乐大奖中，Shawn Mendes夺得桂冠， Taylor Swift在她参选的五个奖项中纷纷落选。
Despite being the most heavily nominated stars of the evening, Taylor - who did not attend the event - was overshadowed by 19-year-old singer Shawn who cleaned up at the awards show.
这晚，霉霉并没有参加这次颁奖典礼，虽然她提名最多。19岁的歌手Shaw表选突出，风头胜过了霉霉，在这场颁奖典礼上横扫众多奖项。
The cart-topper's latest track, There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back, saw him beat out the likes of DJ Khaled 's Wild Thoughts ft. Rihanna, as well as Ed Sheeran's smash hit, Shape of You. and Daddy Yankee & Luis Fonsi's record-breaking Despacito.
排行榜的最新单曲有Shawn的《There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back》，击败DJ Khaled 的《Wild Thoughts ft. Rihanna》和Ed Sheeran的热播曲目《shape of you》，以及放了播破纪录Addy Yankee & Luis Fonsi的《Despacito》。
Meanwhile, celebrated American rapper Eminem proved to be the comeback king as he picked up the Best Hip Hop gong. The Lose Yourself hitmaker was up against the newer faces of hip hop, including Drake, Future, Kendrick Lamar and Post Malone.
同时，美国Rapper歌手Eminem被证明是“复出王”，摘得最佳Hip Hop歌手奖。”The Lose Yourself ”的创作者与Hip Hop的新面孔相互竞争，包括Drake, Future, Kendrick Lamar and Post Malone。
Accepting the award, he enthused: 'First off, I want to start off by saying that I'm not really sure how I got this because I've had my album out a few years, but I've got one coming,' before thanking his fans and MTV. Elsewhere, Kendrick Lamar was presented with Best Video, though the rapper was unable to attend the event, instead thanking fans via a video link.
授完奖，在他致谢他的粉丝和MTV之前，他兴奋地说到”首先，我想说我不确定我怎么能得到这个奖，因为我已经好几年没有出过唱片了，但是我得奖了。”另外，Kendrick Lamar获得了最佳录影带奖，尽管这位说唱歌手无法到场，而是他通过视频感谢了他的粉丝。
Thirty Seconds of Mars, who are fronted by American actor Jared Leto, took home the Best Alternative award, which also saw Lana Del Rey, Lorde, The XX and Imagine.
由美国演员Jared Leto领衔的“火星三十秒”拿到了最佳另类音乐奖，同时还有Lana Del Rey，Lorde，The XX和Imanine Dragons等人提名。
Referencing the American chat show host, he quipped: 'I've always wanted to meet Jay Leno,' before laughing to himself. Clearly unimpressed, Dallas Buyers Club star Jared hit back: 'Sorry, what was your name again?'But audiences seemed to pick up on the atmosphere between the two, with one viewer joking: 'Think Jared Leto got a bit paranoid about Grinder looking at him.'
他参照美国脱口秀节目主持人的话说：“我一直想和Jay Leno见面，”说这话之前他自己就笑了起来。达拉斯买家俱乐部明星Jared不以为然回应道：“对不起，你又叫什么名字？但观众们似乎意识到了两人之间尴尬的气氛，一位观众开玩笑说：“认为Jared Leto妄想Grinder看着他。”
Meanwhile, former Fifth Harmony star Camila Cabello proved her solo career is getting off to a flying start as she picked up the Best Pop award for her debut single, Havana.Her win meant that Taylor Swift was dealt another award snub, though it was just one of many for the singer, who recently made her return to the spotlight following her one-year hiatus.
与此同时，前第五届和声明星 Camila Cabello证明了她的独唱生涯正在起飞，因为她的首张单曲《Havana》获得了最佳流行音乐奖。她的胜利意味着Taylor Swift失去了另一个奖项，尽管这对于歌手来说只是众多收获中的一个，但是近期她因为一年的沉寂过后又重新成为焦点。
Elsewhere, Dua Lipa, who was up for three gongs, took home the Best New Artist award. While Harry Styles might have a reputation for being one of the most stylish members of One Direction, the Sign of the Times singer had his crown stolen by surprise MTV EMAs newcomer and former band mate, ZAYN.
另外，Dua Lipa想要冲击三个奖项的，最后拿到了最佳艺人奖。虽然Harry Styles可能是One Direction最时尚的成员之一，但这位具有时代标志的歌手的皇冠意外地被MTV EMA的新人和前乐队的伴侣ZAYN抢走了。
Chinese mainland is home to two of the top three universities in Asia, according to research published last Thursday by the Times Higher Education (THE).
英国《泰晤士高等教育》专刊于上周四公布的一项调查显示，中国内地两所高校入选亚洲大学前三名。
The THE Asia University Rankings for 2017 rated Peking University and Tsinghua University, both in the Chinese capital of Beijing, as the second and third best universities in the continent. National University of Singapore is ranked the best.
来自中国首都北京的北京大学和清华大学，分列2017年亚洲大学排行榜的第二、三名。而新加坡国立大学则位居榜首。
In total, Chinese mainland has 54 institutions in the listing of top 300 universities in Asia.
今年中国内地共有54所高校进入亚洲大学排行榜前300名。
After Peking University, known as Bei Da, and Tsinghua University, the next highest-placed Chinese university is the University of Science and Technology of China at 15, Fudan University at 16, Shanghai Jiao Tong University at 18 and Zhejiang University at 19 in the top 20.
在北大和清华大学之后，中国内地入选该榜单前20名的院校还有中国科学技术大学，该校位居第15位；复旦大学排名第16位，上海交通大学排名第18位，而浙江大学排名第19。
This is the second year running that Peking University has reached the height of No. 2 university.
此外，这也是北京大学连续第二年在亚洲大学排行榜上排名第二位。
Phil Baty, editor of THE rankings, said: "China has introduced powerful policy drives, backed with serious funding, to produce world-class universities. In 2015, the country announced its excellence initiative, which aims to establish six of its universities in the leading group of global institutions by 2020."
《泰晤士高等教育》专刊的编辑菲尔·巴蒂说道：“中国采取了强有力的政策，且背后又有雄厚的资金支持，才能打造这些世界一流的大学。2015年，中国就宣布将实施‘卓越计划'，计划在2020年之前打造六所可以跻身世界一流行列的高校。”
Chinese universities have also spent millions to recruit internationally renowned academics and build state-of-the-art facilities, said Baty.
巴蒂表示，中国的大学现如今已经花费百万元巨资聘请国际知名学者，同时还配备了各项最先进的设备。
"Overall this ranking of Asia's best 300 universities proves what a dynamic, diverse and competitive higher education region the continent is becoming -- and China is a key part of that development," said Baty.
巴蒂说道：“纵观亚洲高校前三百名榜单，我们可以看到，现如今，动态、多样化且颇具竞争力的高等教育园区正在亚洲地区逐渐形成，中国则是这个发展过程中极其重要的一部分。”
Nearly 40 percent of China's young people born after 1990 have turned off notifications from social media apps due to the perceived negative impact of social media, according to the recently released Kantar China Social Media Impact Report, Beijing Evening News reported.
据《北京晚报》报道，最近公布的《凯度中国社交媒体影响报告》显示，由于社交媒体的负面影响，在1990年后出生的中国年轻人中，已有40%的人关闭了社交媒体应用的消息提醒功能。
The report shows that social media, and especially WeChat, has become more and more popular in the past year among people over the age of 40.
该报告显示，社交媒体，尤其是微信，过去一年里在40岁以上人群中变得越来越受欢迎。
While the WeChat use of the "post-90s" generation has slightly decreased, from 94.1 percent to 86.6 percent.
而90后微信用户数量则略有下降，从94.1%跌到了86.6%。
Most of those surveyed for the report mentioned that positive impacts of social media include socializing with acquaintances and taking in more information.
大多数接受调查的人都提到了社交媒体的积极影响，包括与熟人社交、获得更多信息等等。
However, respondents also noted that social media has caused them to read fewer books, suffer from worse eyesight, sleep less and maintain less privacy, among other concerns.
但是受访者也指出，社交媒体使得他们读的书更少了、视力受到影响、睡眠更少、隐私遭到泄露以及其他一些问题。
As a result, 39 percent of the post-90s generation tries to avoid the negative effects of mobile phone use through measures like turning off app notifications, intentionally limiting the frequency of social media interactions and staying away from social media entirely in certain situations.
因此，39%的90后试图避免使用手机所带来的负面影响，措施包括关闭APP的消息提示功能、限制社交媒体互动频率、以及在某些情况下完全不使用社交媒体等等。
Chinese actor Wu Xiubo has been appointed Tourism Australia's Ambassador for the 2017 China-Australia Year of Tourism.
中国演员吴秀波于日前被指派担任2017中澳旅游年形象大使。
The appointment was announced by Steven Ciobo, the Australian minister for trade, tourism and investment, on Feb 21. The Chairman of the China National Tourism Administration, Li Jinzao, was present.
这项任命是由澳大利亚贸易、旅游与投资部长史蒂文·乔博于2月21日宣布的。中国国家旅游局局长李金早出席了该活动。
"This year promises to bring Australia and China closer and provide more opportunities for further engagement, be it in tourism and travel or more broadly in trade, sport and culture or social and academic exchanges," says Ciobo.
乔博部长表示：“今年，无论是在旅游还是在贸易、体育、文化，社会和学术交流方面，中澳两国的关系都将更加紧密，并为进一步合作提供更多机会。”
"China is Australia's most valuable tourism market, with the potential to be worth more than $13 billion by 2020."
“中国是澳大利亚最有价值的旅游市场，到2020年其价值可能超过130亿美元。”
"Last year, 1.2 million Chinese visited Australia. We anticipate this will grow during the China-Australia Year of Tourism and will continue to grow afterward."
“去年，有120万中国人来澳大利亚旅游，我们预计这将在中澳旅游年期间增长，并将继续增长。”
Recent initiatives to support two-way tourism between the two countries include the trial of the 10-year visitor visa; the open aviation market services arrangement which removes all capacity restrictions for airlines on both sides; and a new Beijing to Sydney service by Qantas Airways which was launched in January.
支持两国之间双向旅游的最新倡议包括以下几点：审查10年旅游签证；安排开放的航空市场服务以消除双方航空公司的所有容量限制；Qantas航空公司于1月推出北京到悉尼的新服务等。
1. Hundreds of genes spring to life after you die - and they keep functioning for up to four days. Together with an unexplained case in March that recorded brain activity in a corpse up to 10 minutes after death, we're starting to realise that death as we know it still retains some strange signs of life.
在你死后，数以百计的基因会突然活跃起来，而且还会继续活动长达4天。3月份的一个实例表明，在人死后，尸体的大脑还会活动长达10分钟，连同这个无法解释的实例，我们开始意识到我们所了解的死亡依然保有一些奇怪的生命迹象。
2. Livers grow by almost half during waking hours. New research suggests that livers have the capacity to grow by almost 50 percent during the day, before shrinking back to their original size at night. They are the only organ we know of that oscillate this way.
在你醒着的时候，肝可以扩大将近一半。新的研究指出，在白天的时候，肝有能力扩大近50%，然后在夜间则会缩回到原始尺寸。肝是我们所知道到的唯一一个可以这样变化的器官。
3. The root cause of eczema has finally been identified. Scientists have tracked down a series of proteins and molecular pathways that lead to this insufferable skin problem, revealing that the protein filaggrin isn't the sole culprit we thought it was.
湿疹的根本原因最终得到确认。科学家查到了一系列蛋白质和分子引起这种令人难以忍受的皮肤问题的途径，并指出丝聚合蛋白并非唯一的祸首，而我们过去却是这样认为的。
4. We were wrong - the testes are connected to the immune system after all. Researchers have discovered a "very small door" that allows the testes to send one-way signals to the immune system, and it could explain why some men struggle with infertility, and why certain cancer vaccines keep failing.
我们错了——最终睾丸还是与免疫系统有关联的。研究人员发现了“一扇非常小的门”使睾丸可以向免疫系统发送单向信号，这解释了为什么一些男性会被不孕症所困扰，也解释了某些癌症疫苗一直失败的原因。
5. The causes of hair loss and greying are linked, and for the first time, scientists have identified the cells responsible.
脱发和头发变白的原因是相关的，科学家首次确认了对此负有责任的细胞。
6. A brand new human organ has been classified. Researchers have given the nod to the mesentery - an organ that's been hiding in plain sight in our digestive system this whole time. But that's only half the story, because we're still not sure exactly what it does.
一种全新的器官被归类了。研究人员同意为肠系膜归类，这种器官显然一直隐藏在我们的消化系统中。但这只是其中的一方面，因为我们还不确定它到底是什么。
7. An unexpected new lung function has been found. Researchers have found that lungs don't just facilitate respiration - they also play a key role in blood production, with the ability to produce more than 10 million platelets (tiny blood cells) per hour. That equates to the majority of platelets in circulation at any given moment.
肺的一项意外功能被发现了。研究人员发现肺不仅仅能促进呼吸作用，在造血方面也起关键作用，肺每小时能制造1000多万血小板（微小的血细胞），这相当于任何特定时刻循环中的血小板的大多数。
8. Your appendix might not be a useless evolutionary byproduct after all. Unlike your wisdom teeth, your appendix might actually be serving an important biological function - and one that our species isn't ready to give up just yet.
你的阑尾终究可能不是一个无用的进化副产物。你的阑尾不像智齿那样，事实上它可能发挥着重要的生物学功能，恰好现在人类还没准备好放弃阑尾的这种功能。
9. The brain literally starts eating itself when it doesn't get enough sleep. Chronic sleep deprivation causes the 'clearing' process that usually happens when we sleep to kick into hyperdrive, prompting the brain to clear a huge amount of neurons and synaptic connections away.
当大脑没有得到充分休眠时，它确实就开始自噬了。在我们睡觉的时候，“清除”程序通常就会启动，但长期缺乏睡眠会使该程序处于高速运转状态，促使大脑清除大量神经元连接和突触连接。
10. Neuroscientists have discovered a whole new role for the brain's cerebellum. It's long been assumed that the cerebellum functions largely outside the realm of conscious awareness, coordinating basic physical activities like standing and breathing, but it could actually play a key role in shaping human behaviour.
神经系统科学家发现了小脑的一项全新功能。长期以来人们一直认为小脑基本上与意识直觉等活动无关，它的主要作用是协调站立、呼吸等基本的身体活动，然而，实际上小脑在影响人类行为上也发挥着重要作用。
11. Our gut bacteria are messing with us in ways we could never have imagined. New research has revealed that neurodegenerative diseases like Parkinson's might actually start out in the gut, rather than the brain, and there's mounting evidence that the human microbiome could be to blame for chronic fatigue syndrome. With gut bacteria showing signs of controlling our appetite, changing our brain structure, and triggering brain lesions that could lead to strokes, our tiny passengers are a force to be reckoned with.
肠道细菌正以我们想像不到的方式干扰着我们。新的研究指出，像帕金森综合症等神经退行性疾病实际上可能始于肠道，而不是大脑。越来越多的证据显示，慢性疲劳综合征可能要归咎于人体内的微生物群系。随着肠道细菌显示出控制食欲以及改变大脑结构的迹象，而且有引起大脑损伤而导致中风的表现，我们的这个小过客（肠道细菌）有着不容忽视的力量。
They may be in opposite corners of the globe, but Hong Kong, Sydney and Vancouver have one thing in common.
虽然香港、悉尼和温哥华地处全球的不同角落，但是它们有着同一个特征。
They're the top three most unaffordable housing markets in the world, according to the 13th Annual Demographia International Housing Affordability Survey: 2017, published recently.
根据近日发布的《第13次国际年度住房负担能力调查：2017》显示，这三座城市高居世界最不可购性房屋市场的前三甲。
Hong Kong has topped the list for the past seven years -- since its first appearance in the survey.
自从该调查首次面世以来，香港已经连续第七年高居榜首了。
Subdivided flats smaller than 100 square feet (9 square meters) can rent for $385 in the Asian city.
在这座亚洲城市，低于100平方英尺（9平方米）的隔断公寓的租金达到了385美元。
"Hong Kong is a small island with 7 million people ... and you have 1.5 billion across the border (in mainland China) who would like to invest," Mark Elliott, associate director of International Residential Property Services at Jones Lang LaSalle, tells CNN. "The government is releasing more and more land, but it doesn't work."
仲量联行国际住宅物业服务公司副董事马克·艾略特在接受CNN采访时表示：“香港是一个有着700万人口的小岛。边界那边（中国大陆）有15亿人口想要在此投资。虽然政府正在腾出越来越多的土地，但是这并不管用。”
"Sydney's housing prices shot up because foreign investors are buying trophy assets, in places like Bondi," says Elliot.
艾略特说道：“悉尼房价疯涨是因为国外投资者们正在如邦迪海滩这些地方购买炫耀性资产。”
"It's not sustainable growth because they're not being rented out and they're pricing people in the local market out of buying."
“这不是可持续的增长，因为它们并未被租出去，当地市场的喊价者们并不会购买。”
The Glory of Tang Dynasty
《大唐荣耀》
The 60-episode TV drama was adapted from a novel Legend of Princess Pearl published in 2007. It focuses on the protagonist Shen Zhenzhu’s romance with her husband and their efforts to protect the country.
《大唐荣耀》全剧共60集，改编自2007年出版的小说《大唐后妃传之珍珠传奇》。该剧主要讲述了女主沈珍珠和丈夫的爱情故事，以及他们为保护国家付出的努力。
Premiered on Jan 29, the drama received 7 points out of 10 on the country's popular review website Douban.
《大唐荣耀》于1月29日首播，在国内人气影评网站豆瓣上获得7分的评分（满分10分）。
While not a low rating when compared to the other four dramas, it was still criticized by many audience members.
虽然与其他四部电视剧相比，《大唐荣耀》的评分并不算低，但是仍然有许多观众给出了差评。
“In the drama, romance is the protagonist’s only pursuit. It seems that the meaning of her life is to have a romantic relationship with a Prince Charming. No, not only one, but three or four,” Douban user Jiuyuehuashang said.
豆瓣网友“Jiuyuehuashang”称：“剧中，爱情就是女主唯一的追求。她生命的意义似乎就是找一个真命天子谈情说爱。不对，不是一个，是三四个。”
Once Upon A Time
《三生三世十里桃花》
The online novel Once Upon A Time by Tang Qi was published in 2009. This year saw a series of adaptations of the novel, including a TV series, a film, a drama and a computer game.
《三生三世十里桃花》是唐七在2009年出版的一部网络小说。今年，这部作品被改编成电影、电视剧以及电脑游戏。
The TV version premiered on Jan 30 and starred two popular actresses, Yang Mi and Dilraba. It is about a fairy’s romance with a god in their three different lives.
电视剧版《三生三世十里桃花》于1月30日首播，由人气女演员杨幂和迪丽热巴主演。该剧讲述了一个小仙女和一位神仙的三世情缘。
"The scenes in the TV adaptation are beautiful, and also consistent with the original work," a Douban user Banchengyansha said.
豆瓣网友“Banchengyansha”称：“电视剧版的场景很精致，也很贴合原著。”
Rated 6.4 points out of 10 on the review website, some users said the drama focused too much on romance.
《三生三世十里桃花》的豆瓣评分为6.4分，一些网友认为，这部剧的爱情戏码太多了。
"They are fairies. Can’t they do something else except falling in love?" another Douban user Amy said.
豆瓣网友“Amy”称：“他们是神仙。除了谈情说爱，就不能干点别的吗？”
Princess Agents
《楚乔传》
Adapted from an online novel Queen of No.11 Agent, the TV series is about the adventure of a female slave Chu Qiao and her romance with a prince Yan Xun.
《楚乔传》改编自网络小说《11处特工皇妃》，讲述了女奴楚乔的奇遇以及她和燕洵世子的爱情故事。
The drama was broadcast during the summer holiday, targeting young audiences who prefer fantasies and romances.
该剧在今年暑期播出，受众的是喜欢奇幻浪漫题材的年轻观众。
Although the original book got 7.9 out of 10 on Douban, the TV version only got 5 for its poor adaptation.
虽然原著的豆瓣评分有7.9，但电视剧却因为劣质的改编仅获得5分。
"Why do the slaves all dress in white and look like fairies in this drama? Plus they even ran faster than horses. Is it reasonable?" user Shiweitian said.
豆瓣网友“Shiweitian”表示：“为什么电视剧里的奴隶们都穿着白色衣服，看上去和仙女一样？还有，她们跑的比马还快，这合理吗？”
The King’s Woman
《秦时丽人明月心》
Premiered in August, the 48-episode TV series is a fictional story, with a plot centering on struggles and romance during the Qin Dynasty (221-206 BC).
8月首播的《秦时丽人明月心》全剧共48集，围绕着秦朝（公元前221-206年）时的争斗和爱情故事展开，剧情均为虚构。
The drama won much praise for its use of slow motion when shooting martial arts.
该剧在拍摄武术场景时使用的慢动作手法赢得不少好评。
"Martial arts are highlighted in the TV series. The actors performed real kung fu," a Douban user Weishenmeyaoxuefa said.
豆瓣网友“Weishenmeyaoxuefa”称：“这部剧中的武术场景很抢眼，演员们表演的是真功夫。”
Yet the TV adaption couldn’t satisfy the audience, who prefer real history rather than fiction, and it only got 4.9 points on Douban.
然而，《秦时明月丽人心》并不能让更喜欢真实历史而非虚构故事的观众满意，该剧豆瓣评分仅为4.9分。
Nothing Gold Can Stay
《那年花开月正圆》
The TV drama is not based on a novel but the story of a real businesswoman Zhou Ying. Born in the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), Zhou was the richest female entrepreneur in Shaanxi province at that time.
《那年花开月正圆》并非改编自小说，而是基于真实人物女商人周莹的故事拍摄的。周莹生在清朝（1644-1911），是当时的陕西省女首富。
Leading actress Sun Li played Zhou in the drama. Despite her age, Sun, who was born in 1982, still successfully presented a lovely and innocent teenage Zhou in the eyes of many audience members.
孙俪在剧中扮演女主周莹。虽然孙俪是1982年生人，但在许多观众眼中，她仍然成功塑造了一个可爱天真的少女周莹。
"As a native of Shaanxi, I found Sun played the role well. She jumps and runs wildly, just like a typical young naughty Shaanxi girl," a netizen Xuelili said.
网友“Xuelili”说：“作为一个土生土长的陕西人，我认为孙俪演得很好。她上蹿下跳的感觉，和典型的陕西妹子一模一样。”
The drama got 7.2 points on Douban, receiving criticism for having too much romance and too few of Zhou's struggles.
该剧因为爱情戏份太多，对周莹奋斗的故事描写太少而受到批评，其豆瓣评分为7.2分。
The accountancy firm in charge of the Oscars results has apologized after Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway were handed the wrong results card when announcing the Best Picture award and incorrectly announced La La Land as the winner rather than Moonlight.
沃伦·比蒂和费·唐纳薇在宣布奥斯卡最佳影片奖时，因为错拿了评奖结果卡片，误将得奖影片念成了《爱乐之城》，而不是《月光男孩》。事后，负责处理奥斯卡奖项结果的会计公司发了一份公开道歉声明。
The statement said: "We sincerely apologize to Moonlight, La La Land, Warren Beatty, Faye Dunaway, and Oscar viewers for the error that was made during the award announcement for Best Picture."
声明中说：“我们真诚地向《月光男孩》剧组、《爱乐之城》剧组、沃伦?比蒂、费?唐纳薇和奥斯卡颁奖礼观众致歉，因为在宣布最佳影片环节中我们出了纰漏。”
It all started when Beatty opened the envelope to read the winner for best picture. He looked confused, took a long pause and then glanced at Dunaway. "Come on!" Beatty handed the envelope to Dunaway, who announced: "La La Land!"
一切始于比蒂打开信封准备念出最佳影片得主的那刻，他看上去很困惑，停顿了很长时间，然后望向唐纳薇。“来吧！”比蒂把信封交给唐纳薇，后者宣布道：“《爱乐之城》！”
As the cameras cut away to the cast and crew of "La La Land" hugging, Beatty could be heard saying something such as, "It says Emma Stone," with Dunaway replying, "What?" As the La La Land cast were walking on stage to accept the accolade, a stagehand standing in the wings could be heard saying "Oh ... Oh my god, he got the wrong envelope".
镜头切换到《爱乐之城》的演员和剧组人员那里，他们高兴得抱成一团了，但大家可以听到比蒂好像在说：“应该是爱玛?斯通。”而唐纳薇回应道：“什么？”当《爱乐之城》剧组上台领奖时，可以听到旁边的舞台管理人员说：“哦……哦！天啊！他拿错信封了！”
While still on stage, Beatty blamed the epic mishap on being given the wrong envelope, saying he had seen the name Emma Stone from 'La La Land' when he opened his envelope.
比蒂还在台上就遣责了这个因为给错信封而导致的史诗级巨大失误，他说他打开信封就看到了“《爱乐之城》中的爱玛?斯通”的名字。
"I want to tell you what happened I opened the envelope and it said Emma Stone, La La Land and that is why I took such a long look at Faye and at you. I wasn't trying to be funny. This is Moonlight for best picture," Beatty told the shocked crowd as he explained the blunder.
比蒂在向震惊的人们解释这一失误时说：“我打开信封，看到是‘《爱乐之城》中的爱玛?斯通’，我就想告诉你们了，所以我看了费和你们很长时间。我并不是想搞笑。最佳影片是《月光男孩》。”
An investigation is continuing into how La La Land was wrongly named Best Picture rather than the triumphant Moonlight.
目前正在调查最佳影片奖是如何被错误地念成《爱乐之城》而非真正得主《月光男孩》的。
Only two people know the Oscars winners list and supervise the counting procedures - PwC tax adviser Martha Ruiz and Brian Cullinan an accountant.
只有两个人知道奥斯卡奖获奖名单，他们负责审计整个流程，这两个人就是PwC公司的税务顾问玛莎?瑞兹和会计师布莱恩?卡利南。
Cullinan and Ruiz each carry a suitcase containing a copy of the winning envelope for all the categories - meaning there are two envelopes for each award.
卡利南和瑞兹各提一只装着所有奖项结果信封的手提箱——也就是说，每个奖项都有两只信封。
The pair stand on opposite sides backstage and memorize the winners to avoid having to write them down and have revealed in the past how they carry out rigorous checks to ensure they have stuffed the envelopes correctly. It is believed Ruiz and Cullinan are ordered to destroy the duplicate cards as the presentation goes on, so by the time Best Picture is awarded, the only envelopes left are the two for Best Picture.
这两个人站在后台两端，熟记奖项得主名字，以省去写下名单的麻烦。从以往看，他们都做了细致的检查，以确保准确地填装了信封。据信，按要求，瑞兹和卡利南要随着颁奖典礼的进行毁掉两张相同的卡片。所以，到颁最佳影片奖时，应该只剩下两只最佳影片奖信封。
When Beatty and Dunaway took the stage to announce the Best Picture award, Cullinan and Ruiz realized that they still had two best picture envelopes, meaning that the envelope taken on stage was a duplicate for an award that had already been announced.
比蒂和唐纳薇上台宣布最佳影片奖时，卡利南和瑞兹意识到他们手里还有两只最佳影片信封，也就是说，拿上台的信封是已经宣布过的奖项。
It is unknown why there was still a Best Actress duplicate available when Beatty walked on stage.
没有人知道为什么比蒂上台的时候还有一对最佳女演员信封。
Executives from PwC immediately realized there was a problem, but they were too late to rectify the mistake as Dunaway read out the name La La Land from a card that was meant to be for the Best Actress award, which Emma Stone won for her role in the film earlier in the night.
PwC公司的管理人员立刻意识到有问题，但一切都太迟了，他们没法纠正错误了，唐纳薇已经念出《爱乐之城》的名字，而那张卡片本来是为最佳女演员准备的。那天晚上稍早些时候，就已经宣布过爱玛?斯通因为在《爱乐之城》中的表演而获得了最佳女演员奖。
After the officials realized what had happened, they tried to get on stage immediately. But the news was broken to the La La Land cast and crew after they had started their acceptance speeches.
官员们意识到发生了什么之后，他们立刻想上台救场。《爱乐之城》演员和剧组人员已经开始了获奖感言，听到这个消息，心都碎了。
La La Land producer Jordan Horowitz returned to the microphone after being told about the mix up and said 'Moonlight won Best Picture' and insisting that 'this is not a joke'.
乌龙事件澄清之后，《爱乐之城》制片人乔丹?霍罗威茨重新拿回麦克风说 “《月光男孩》获得了最佳影片奖”，而且强调“这不是玩笑”。
"It's one of the strangest things that's ever happened to me," Beatty said backstage. "Thank God there were two of us up there," Dunaway responded.
比蒂在后台说：“这真是我遇到的最离奇的一糟事。感谢上帝！幸好是我们两个人在那里！”
PwC has counted votes and provides winner envelopes for the Oscars and has done so for more than 80 years. This is the first time in Oscar history that the wrong envelope had been opened while an award was being announced.
PwC公司已为奥斯卡计票并准备获奖信封逾80年，这是奥斯卡历史上第一次出现颁奖时拿错信封的乌龙事件。
Consumer Electronics Show
国际消费类电子产品展
No.1: Einstein Alive Again?
爱因斯坦复活了？
No.2: Another Reason for Staying in Bed
赖床有了新理由
No.3: Diamond Is So Obsolete
订婚买钻石真是太没新意了
No.4: The 1st Useful Mechanical Pet
有史以来第1个真正有用的机器宠物
No.5: What Made Phelps So Happy?
是什么让菲尔普斯这么开心？
WTF.1: Next Level of Working Moms
1号 what the fuck: “职场辣妈”的新境界
WTF.2: They Believe You Can Fly
你咋不上天呢？
WTF.3: I'm Bigger Than You Think
你知道什么叫“深藏不露”吗？
Insead is top of the 2017 Financial Times global ranking of the best 100 MBA programmes. It is the second year that the multi-campus international business school has taken the number one spot, after claiming it for the first time last year.
欧洲工商管理学院(Insead)领衔2017年英国《金融时报》全球MBA百强榜。这是这所拥有多个校区的国际商学院连续第二年高居榜首，去年该学院首次摘得桂冠。
Stanford Graduate School of Business in California rises from fifth place in 2016 to second, a position it last held in 2014. The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania is in third place.
位于加州的斯坦福大学商学院(Stanford Graduate School of Business)排名第二，2016年排在第五位，该学院曾在2014年获得亚军。宾夕法尼亚大学沃顿商学院(Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania)排名第三。
Harvard Business School, London Business School (LBS) and MIT Sloan School of Management, three of the MBA ranking’s longstanding heavyweights, all lost ground to their competitors. Harvard drops two places to fourth, the first time in nine years that the Boston school has been outside the top three. London Business School falls three places to sixth, its lowest position in 14 years. MIT Sloan School of Management falls to 13th place, the first time in 10 years that it has been outside the top 10.
3所在这份榜单上叱咤多年的重量级学府——哈佛商学院(HBS)、伦敦商学院(LBS)和麻省理工斯隆管理学院(MIT Sloan School of Management)的排名下滑。哈佛商学院的排名下降两个位次，今年排在第四，这是这所位于波士顿的学府9年来首次跌出前三甲。伦敦商学院下滑3个位次，排在第六，为14年来最低。麻省理工斯隆管理学院的排名下滑至第13位，为10年来首次跌出前10。
Judge Business School at the University of Cambridge jumps five places to fifth. Not only is it the first time it has broken into the top five, but it is also the first occasion that LBS is not the top-placed UK school in the MBA ranking.
英国剑桥大学(University of Cambridge)佳奇商学院(Judge Business School)的排名上升5个位次，至第5位。这不仅是该学院首次跻身前5名，而且还是伦敦商学院在这个榜单上首次失去英国最佳商学院这个头衔。
The ranking is based on surveys of the business schools and their graduates of 2013. MBAs are assessed according to the career progression of alumni, the school’s idea generation and the diversity of students and faculty.
这份排行榜基于对商学院及其2013届毕业生的调查。根据校友职业发展、学校创意生成以及学员和师资多样化对MBA课程进行评比。
Stanford’s alumni have the highest salary on average at $195,000 but overall the top 15 MBA programmes are closely matched in terms of income, career progress and satisfaction. All but one have average alumni salaries greater than $150,000, with a pay increase of about 100 per cent compared with their pre-MBA income.
斯坦福大学商学院校友的平均薪资最高，为19.5万美元，但总体而言，排在前15名之内的MBA课程在收入、职业发展和满意度方面都非常接近。除了一所学校外，这些商学院的校友平均薪资均超过15万美元，与就读MBA以前的收入相比，薪资上涨了大约100%。
Insead is distinguished not only by its one-year programme but also a strongly international culture, based upon its two campuses, and one of the most extensive and diverse alumni networks. The programme is ranked third for the international mobility of its alumni and sixth for international course experience.
欧洲工商管理学院的出类拔萃不仅表现在一年期MBA课程上，还体现于强大的国际文化（基于两个校区）以及覆盖面最广和最多样化的校友网络之一。该课程在校友国际流动性指标上排名第三，在国际课程体验指标上排名第六。
“Insead enormously boosted our intercultural experience,” said one alumni survey respondent from Switzerland. “It is a place to learn global culture better than anywhere else.”
“欧洲工商管理学院极大地充实了我们的跨文化体验，”一位来自瑞士的校友在接受调查时表示，“在这里学习全球文化好于其他任何地方。”
The wealth and depth of knowledge from around the world adds tremendous value to the course, wrote another graduate from the US, adding that “with so many cultures and experiences represented, a classroom ethics discussion about bribery is not your typical boring USA version”.
另一名来自美国的毕业生写道，来自世界各地的知识的丰富性和深度为课程带来了巨大的价值，他补充称，“鉴于这里汇聚着众多的文化和经验，有关贿赂的课堂道德讨论不像典型的美国学校那样枯燥。”
US schools are rebuilding their strength in this ranking, with their number increasing to 51. This had dropped below 50 for the first time in 2016, down to 47. Six of the eight new or returning schools are from the US.
在今年的榜单上，美国学校恢复了自己的优势，上榜的美国学校数量增至51所。2016年，这一数据首次跌破50，降至47所。在8所新上榜或重新上榜的学校中，有6所来自美国。
Among these six US schools, Rutgers Business School in New Jersey is the highest new entrant at 70. WP Carey School of Business at Arizona State University is the highest returning school at 57. Moore School of Business at the University of South Carolina returns at 77. Moore stands out for being top overall for international course experience. Its students spend from several months to a year overseas.
在这6所美国学校中，新泽西的罗格斯商学院(Rutgers Business School)是排名最高的新上榜学校，排名第70。亚利桑那州立大学凯瑞商学院(Arizona State University WP Carey School of Business)是排名最高的重新上榜学校，排在第57位。南卡罗来纳大学(University of South Carolina)摩尔商学院(Moore School of Business)重新上榜，排名第77。摩尔商学院令人瞩目地在国际课程体验排名居首，其学员的海外学习时间从几个月到1年。
Canadian schools continue to lose ground. Only three remain in the ranking compared with five last year and all fall about six places. Among these, Rotman School of Management at the University of Toronto is the highest ranked at 65, while Smith School of Business at Queen’s University is bottom of the table in 100th place.
加拿大学校继续失利。今年的上榜学校只有3所，而去年为5所，而且这3所学校的排名都下降了6个位次左右。多伦多大学(University of Toronto)罗特曼商学院(Rotman School of Management)排名最高，为第65位，而加拿大女王大学(Queen’s University)史密斯商学院(Smith School of Business)在今年的榜单中垫底，排名第100。
Australian and Spanish schools are doing well, however. Each country’s three representatives have risen up the ranking. Sydney’s Macquarie Graduate School of Management is Australia’s top placed institution at 49 and Spain’s IE Business School moved up four places to eighth, the first time since 2012 that the Madrid school is back in the top 10.
然而，澳大利亚和西班牙学校表现不错。这两个国家分别有3所学校上榜，且排名均有上升。悉尼的麦考瑞大学管理学院(Macquarie Graduate School of Management)是澳大利亚排名最高的学府，排在第49位，而西班牙IE商学院(IE Business School)的排名上升4个位次，排在第8位，这是这所位于马德里的学校自2012年以来首次回到前10名。
IMD and Iese Business Schools have tightened their grip on the top spots of the twin FT executive education rankings, monopolising first and second places for both open-enrolment and customised programmes.
瑞士洛桑国际管理发展学院(IMD)和西班牙Iese商学院(Iese Business School)稳坐英国《金融时报》两份高管教育榜单榜首。英国《金融时报》2017年高管教育排行榜开放招生课程和定制课程两份排名的头两名，均由这两所学校包揽。
Swiss school IMD comes top in the ranking of open-enrolment courses, available to all working managers, and jumps two places to second for customised programmes, which are tailor-made for corporate customers. Iese of Spain holds on to the top spot in the custom ranking and remains second in the open ranking.
瑞士洛桑国际管理发展学院在针对所有在职管理人员的开放招生课程排行榜中拔得头筹，在针对企业客户的定制课程排行榜中攀升了两位，升至第二。西班牙Iese商学院在定制课程排行榜上继续保持榜首位置，在开放课程排行榜中仍位居第二。
It is the first time in the rankings’ 19-year history that two schools have between them held the top two spots in both categories.
在排行榜19年历史上，这是首次出现由两所院校包揽这两项排名头两名的情况。
The 2017 FT executive education rankings include the best 85 customised programmes and the best 75 open-enrolment programmes worldwide. The rankings are based principally on measures of participants’ and clients’ satisfaction, as well as the schools’ growth in revenues, their international reach and faculty diversity.
英国《金融时报》2017年高管教育排行榜列出了全球85个最佳定制课程和75个最佳开放课程。排名主要基于学员和客户的满意度以及学校收入增长、国际化程度和师资多样性等指标。
One of Iese’s strengths is its academic rigour. The Barcelona school performs consistently highly across all aspects of customised programmes. It is ranked in the top five in 11 criteria out of 15. Iese is top for its international clients and the diversity of its faculty.
Iese商学院的优势之一是其学风严谨。这所位于巴塞罗那的商学院在定制课程的所有指标上一贯表现优异。该校在15项指标中的11项上都跻身前五之列，并在国际客户和师资多样性两项指标上排名第一。
Its corporate customers value the school’s flexibility and ability to innovate. “We have developed a programme which is co-delivered with an experimental learning provider,” commented one client responding to the FT survey. “Iese has been a true partner in this process and our business has benefited with an energised and prepared executive bench.”
企业客户看重该校的灵活性和创新能力。“我们开发的一个课程，是由一个试验性学习提供者共同教授的，”一名收到英国《金融时报》调查问卷的该校客户反馈道，“Iese在这一过程中一直是一个真正的合作伙伴，而我们的企业也获益于一支充满活力且准备充分的高管后备军。”
After IMD in second place, Duke Corporate Education completes the custom programme podium. It is the third year in a row that the US school is in third place, having previously topped this ranking for a record 12 consecutive years to 2014.
在定制课程排行榜上，排在第二名瑞士洛桑国际管理发展学院之后的是杜克企业教育学院(Duke Corporate Education)。这是这所美国学校连续第3年位列第三。该校在2014年连续第12年占据定制课程排行榜榜首位置，创下纪录。
Other notable custom course performances include Harvard Business School, which recorded one of the year’s biggest rises, jumping nine places to fifth. The Massachusetts school was ranked 18th two years ago.
其他在定制课程排名中表现突出的学校包括哈佛商学院(Harvard Business School)，该院取得了今年最大幅度的排名攀升，上升9位至第5名。两年前，这所位于马萨诸塞州的学院还排在第18位。
McDonough School of Business at Georgetown University in Washington DC returns to the custom ranking in 15th place after dropping out last year because of a low survey response rate from clients. Only three schools enter the custom ranking for the first time, including London’s Cass Business School in 60th place.
位于华盛顿特区的乔治敦大学(Georgetown University)麦克多诺商学院(McDonough business school)重新回到了定制课程排行榜的第15位，去年，该校因客户调查反馈率低而未上榜。只有3所学校是首次登上定制课程排行榜，包括排名第60位的伦敦卡斯商学院(Cass Business School)。
In the open ranking, IMD, in Lausanne, scores particularly highly in the top 10 criteria based on a survey of executives who attended programmes. It is ranked first in three criteria and in the top five for the remaining seven.
在开放课程排行榜中，基于对参加课程高管的调查，瑞士洛桑国际管理发展学院在最重要的10项指标上得分特别高。该校在3项指标上排第一，在其他7项指标上都排前五。
IMD participants praised the way their training pushed them out of their comfort zones and also the one-on-one coaching sessions tailored to their individual business situations. “It was an eye opener about what a good leader is,” commented one participant. “We learnt about ourselves first, what drives us and why, in order to manage others.”
该校学员们称赞这里的训练将他们推出了自己的“舒适区”，还有针对他们各自企业情况量身定制的一对一辅导课程。“对于什么是优秀的领导，这里打开了我们的视界，”一位学员说，“我们先了解自己，了解我们的动力所在以及为什么，这样才能管理别人。”
Sa?d Business School achieved the biggest rise at the top of the open ranking, jumping five places to fourth. It is the first time that the school, based at the University of Oxford, is ranked in the top five. Sa?d improved its position in all 10 criteria informed by the participants’ ratings.
在开放课程排行榜顶端，赛德商学院(Sa?d Business School)排名上升幅度最大，跃升5位至第4名。这是这所位于牛津大学(University of Oxford)的商学院首次进入前五。赛德商学院在所有10项受学员评分影响的指标上的排名都有所提升。
Michael Smurfit Graduate Business School at University College Dublin showed the best overall progress, moving up 21 places to 48. Guanghua School of Management at Peking University returns to the ranking at 38, after missing last year due to a low response rate from participants.
都柏林大学学院(UCD)迈克尔?斯墨菲特商业研究生院(Michael Smurfit Graduate School of Business)的总体进步最大，排名攀升21位至第48名。北京大学(Peking University)光华管理学院(Guanghua School of Management)重回排行榜第38名，去年该院因学员调查反馈率低而未上榜。
Finally, only two schools join the open ranking for the first time this year. Antai College of Economics and Management at Shanghai Jiao Tong University comes straight in at 32 and Eller College of Management at the University of Arizona is ranked 68th out of 75.
最后，今年只有两所学校首次登上开放课程排行榜。上海交通大学安泰经济与管理学院(Antai College of Economics and Management)直接排到第32名，而亚利桑那大学(University of Arizona)艾勒管理学院(Eller College of Management)在75所院校中排名第68位。
A third, combined ranking lists the top 50 schools for executive education, calculated from the customised and open tables.
还有一项高管教育综合排名，基于定制课程和开放课程两项排名的评分计算，列出了高管教育最佳的50所学校。
Gender diversity is increasing among graduates working in the financial industry, according to data collected for the 2017 edition of the Financial Times ranking of masters in finance programmes.
为编制英国《金融时报》2017年金融硕士课程排行榜而收集的数据显示，在金融领域工作的毕业生当中，性别多样化程度日益上升。
The proportion of enrolled female students has increased steadily since the ranking began six years ago to 42 per cent among the most recent cohorts. This is low compared with the 48 per cent of female students on masters in management courses but compares favourably with the 35 per cent in MBA programmes.
自从6年前开始编制该榜单以来，女性学员比例稳定增长，最新一届中占42%。与管理学硕士课程中女性学员48%的比例相比，这有些低，但它高于MBA课程中35%的比例。
The 2017 rankings feature the top 60 pre-experience courses for students with little or no background in the industry and the top six post-experience programmes for professionals already working in the sector. Only a handful of schools offer post-experience courses.
2017年排行榜分别评选了60个“无工作经验要求”的项目和6个“有工作经验要求”的项目。“无工作经验要求”的项目主要面向拥有很少或没有金融业背景的学生，“有工作经验要求”的项目针对的是已经在金融领域工作的专业人士。只有少数几家学院提供“有工作经验要求”的课程。
The 12 US schools that appear in this ranking are the most gender balanced on average, with cohorts that are 48 per cent female.
上榜的12所美国学院平均而言是性别比例最为平衡的，女性学员比例为48%。
There is a salary gap of nearly 22 per cent between male and female graduates three years after they finished their courses, $90,000 compared to $73,000. That gap had been 17 per cent whenstudents first graduated, so thisdifference has widened over time(see chart).
在毕业3年后的学员当中，男女毕业生薪资分别为9万美元和7.3万美元，相差近22%。刚完成学业时的男女毕业生薪资差距为17%，因此男女薪资差距随着时间推移而扩大（见图表）。
One explanation could be that significantly more men than women work in the industry’s best-paying fields. A third of men work in private equity orventure capital, investment banking or mergers and acquisitions, andhedge funds compared with only 19 per cent of women.
一个解释是，在金融业高薪领域工作的男性比例远远超过女性比例。三分之一的男性在私募、风险资本、投资银行或者并购以及对冲基金领域工作，而女性只有19%。
The research also suggests there maybe a value in finding a job through an internship. Interns who accepted a job offer had higher salaries than those who had received an offer but refused it. Those interns who did not receive an offer had lower salaries still. The gap between these groups had increased three years after graduation.
该研究还表明，通过实习找工作或许有价值。接受录用通知的实习生的薪酬水平超过那些收到录用通知但拒绝的实习生。那些没有收到录用通知的实习生的薪酬水平更低。这些群体间的薪酬差距在毕业3年后扩大。
French business schools top the 2017 ranking. Edhec Business School, based in Lille and Nice, leads the field for the first time. HEC Paris, which dominated this ranking since its first edition in 2011, drops to second place.
2017年排行榜的前几名几乎清一色都是法国商学院。校区位于里尔和尼斯的北方高等商学院(Edhec Business School)首次登上该榜单榜首。自2011年该榜单编制以来一直排名第一的巴黎高等商学院(HEC Paris)如今降至第二名。
Besides Edhec and HEC, Essec Business School, ESCP Europe and Skema Business School are in third, fourth and sixth places respectively.
除了北方高等商学院和巴黎高等商学院以外，高等经济商业学院(Essec Business School)、巴黎高等商业学院-欧洲管理学院(ESCP Europe)和商科联盟国际商学院(Skema Business School)分列第三、第四和第六位。
Only the US-based MIT Sloan School of Management, in fifth place, prevented French institutions from sweeping the top five positions.
美国的麻省理工斯隆管理学院(MIT Sloan School of Management)位居第五，从而阻止了法国商学院囊括前五名。
Finance is one of top school Edhec’s core strengths, both in terms of teaching and research. The school in 2001 established the Edhec-Risk Institute to produce and distribute research on areas such as asset and risk management.
无论是从教学还是从研究方面来说，金融课程都是北方高等商学院的核心优势之一。该学院在2001年成立了Edhec-Risk Institute，从事资产和风险管理等领域的研究并发表相关成果。
Alumni from Edhec have the 11th highest average salary, at $105,000, behind the alumni from Sloan at $143,600. They also enjoyed theseventh-highest salary increase, at 79 per cent.
北方高等商学院毕业生的平均薪酬水平为10.5万美元，排名第11位，而斯隆毕业生为14.36万美元。他们的薪资增幅为79%，排名第七。
However, its alumni are the most mobile internationally, with 85 per cent of the class of 2014 having worked abroad.
然而，北方高等商学院毕业生的国际化流动程度最高，2014届毕业生有85%曾在国外工作。
The school is also second for its international course experience. More than four in five of its latest graduating cohort went on an internship abroad and over half studied in another country for more than a month.
该学院还在国际课程体验方面排名第二。在最新的毕业生当中，逾五分之四的人有过国外实习经历，逾一半学员有过在另一个国家学习超过一个月的经历。
The UK’s Warwick Business School recorded the best progression at the top, moving up from 16th to ninth place, while the Shanghai Advanced Institute of Finance (Saif), based at JiaoTong University, enjoys the bestprogression overall, jumping from 28th to 14th place.
在排名靠前的学校中，英国华威商学院(Warwick Business School)排名提升最大，从第16位提升至第9名。整体而言，上海交通大学(Shanghai JiaoTong University)的上海高级金融学院(Shanghai Advanced Institute of Finance)排名提升最大，从第28位提升至第14位。
Saif held the highest position among the five ranked Chinese schools, just ahead of Guanghua School of Management and Tsinghua University School of Economics and Management, 17th and 18th respectively.
在此次上榜的5所中国学院当中，上海高级金融学院排名最高，领先于北京大学光华管理学院(Guanghua School of Management at Peking University)和清华大学经济管理学院(School of Economics and Management, Tsinghua University)，后两家学院分别排名第17位和第18位。
In the ranking of finance programmes for students already working in the industry, London Business School regains the top place it occupied between 2011 and 2015, while Judge Business School at Cambridge university drops back into second place.
在针对已拥有金融业工作经验的学员开设的金融课程的排行榜上，伦敦商学院(London Business School)重新夺回在2011年至2015年占据的冠军宝座，同时英国剑桥大学(University of Cambridge)佳奇管理学院(Judge Business School)跌回第二名。
LBS moves back to the top place, thanks in part to the highest salary, at $167,000, and being second best in value-for-money terms. The school is first for international course experience and second for alumni mobility.
伦敦商学院重回榜首，一定程度上归因于毕业生薪资水平最高，达到16.7万美元，同时性价比排名第二。该学院在国际课程体验方面排名第一，在校友流动性方面排名第二。
“LBS has broadened my profession horizons and opened international career opportunities,” said one graduate. He added: “In the three years after graduation I have worked in the US, Canada and Hong Kong, while rotating in different businesses from corporate banking to debt capitalmarkets”.
一位毕业生表示：“伦敦商学院拓宽了我的专业视野，开启了国际职业机遇。”他补充称：“在毕业后的3年里，我在美国、加拿大和香港工作过，辗转于公司银行业务、债务资本市场等多个领域。”
The National Basketball Association (NBA) Global Games is to feature two pre-season games in China between the Golden State Warriors and the Minnesota Timberwolves, the NBA announced.
美国国家篮球协会(NBA)近日宣布，NBA全球赛将在中国举办两场金州勇士队对明尼苏达森林狼队的季前赛。
The Warriors and Timberwolves will arrive in Shenzhen on Oct 5 and will play at the Shenzhen Universiade Center.
两队将于10月5日抵达深圳并将在深圳大运中心进行比赛。
The second match will be held at the Mercedes-Benz Arena in Shanghai on Oct 8.
第二场比赛将于10月8日在上海的梅赛德斯-奔驰文化中心举行。
Golden State Warriors point guard Stephen Curry said he has visited China every year since 2013 and the fans there are incredibly supportive.
金州勇士队的控球后卫史蒂芬·库里表示，自2013年开始，他每年都会前往中国，而中国的篮球迷也都非常支持他。
"I'm excited about the opportunity to return to China, enjoy the country's culture, and bring the excitement of live NBA games directly to Chinese fans," he added.
他补充说道：“我很兴奋能有机会重返中国，并享受这个国家的文化以及把NBA现场比赛的激动直接带给中国球迷。”
The Warriors played pre-season games in China in 2013 against the Los Angeles Lakers, but it will be the first time the Timberwolves visit China.
2013年，勇士队曾在中国与洛杉矶湖人队打过季前赛，而森林狼队则是首次来华。
China's consumer price index (CPI), a main gauge of inflation, rose by 1.6% in 2017, lower than the yearly control target of 3%, the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS) said on its website.
国家统计局日前在其官网上声称，2017年，衡量通胀的主要指标全国居民消费价格指数（CPI）上涨1.6%，低于3%的全年控制目标。
NBS senior statistician Sheng Guoqing attributed the slowdown mainly due to a 1.4-percent decline in food prices, which were down for the first time in 15 years.
国家统计局高级统计师绳国庆将这一下滑主要归因于食品价格下降了1.4%，这是15年来的首次下降。
Pork and vegetable prices both dropped by more than 8 percent year-on-year.
猪肉和蔬菜价格均同比下降了逾8%。
Last year, the CPI increase peaked at 2.5 percent in January, and later fluctuated below 2 percent during the rest of the year.
去年，CPI指数上涨在一月时达到峰值2.5%，随后在剩下的时间里在2%以下波动。
The Producer Price Index (PPI), which gauges factory-gate prices and is a major indicator of economic briskness, rose by 6.3% in 2017, compared with a minus 1.4% for 2016, reversing the trend of continual decline since 2012.
2017年，衡量工业品出厂价格、反映经济活力的主要指标--生产者物价指数（PPI）上涨6.3%，结束了自2012年以来的连续下降态势。2016年PPI下降1.4%。
Lian Ping, chief economist with the Bank of Communications, said rising producer prices may push up consumer prices in the longer term.
交通银行首席经济学家连平表示，不断上涨的生产者物价可能会在较长的时间内推高消费价格。
"On the low base in 2017, CPI may increase at a faster pace this year, but there will not be noticeable inflationary pressure against the backdrop of stable demand and tight monetary environment," Lian said.
连平说道：“在2017年的低基准上，今年CPI可能会以一个更快的速度上涨，但在需求稳定、货币环境紧张的背景下，不会出现明显的通胀压力。”
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said the economy performed better than forecast in 2017 and expects annual gross domestic product growth of around 6.9 per cent, according to state media.
国有媒体报道称，中国总理李克强表示，2017年中国经济运行好于预期，并预计年度国内生产总值(GDP)增长率为6.9%左右。
In comments reported by state news agency Xinhua on Thursday from a speech given at a meeting of regional leaders in Cambodia on Wednesday, Mr Li said the Chinese economy had performed above expectations in 2017 as trade reversed two years of declines.
据中国国家通讯社新华社(Xinhua)周四的报道，李克强于周三在柬埔寨召开的一次地区领导人会议上发表讲话称，2017年中国经济发展好于预期，对外贸易扭转了两年来的下滑局面。
China had a full-year GDP target of “around 6.5 per cent” for 2017.
中国2017年GDP增长预期目标为“6.5%左右”。
Mr Li said the economy’s strength came as a result of the government shunning strong stimulus policies and its push for supply-side reforms.
李克强表示，中国经济之所以能有这样良好的表现，关键就在于坚持不搞“大水漫灌”式强刺激，着力推进供给侧结构性改革。
A total of 3,077 new cases of HIV infection took place in colleges and universities across China in 2017, according to the National Health Commission (NHC) at a press conference on Friday.
国家卫生健康委员会在上周五的一场新闻发布会上表示，2017年中国各高校共出现3077例新增艾滋病毒感染病例。
Homosexual behavior is responsible for 81.8 percent of the new cases, added the NHC, due to students' "poor awareness of protection, despite their high awareness of the disease."
国家卫生健康委员会补充称，其中81.8%的新病例是同性恋行为造成的，这是由于学生“尽管对疾病有很高的认识，但对保护的意识不强”。
"The rate of college students who have had sexual experiences using condoms is less than 40 percent," said Han Mengjie, director of Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention.
中国疾病预防控制中心主任韩孟杰表示：“有过性经历的大学生安全套的使用率还不到40%。”
Han emphasized that the risk of infection still remains because college students, who are sexually active, might have unprotected sex because they are susceptible to external influences.
韩孟杰强调，由于处于性活跃期，容易受到外界的影响，发生不安全的性行为，所以大学生感染的风险还是存在的。
Fifty-two colleges and universities across 11 provinces in China are equipped with vending machines that sell AIDS detection reagent for students to conduct self-examinations.
目前全国11个省的52所高校配备了自动售货机，出售艾滋病检测试剂以供学生自查。
China has been making progress in terms of prevention and control of AIDS, said Wang Bin, an NHC official in charge of disease prevention, during the press conference.
在这场新闻发布会上，国家卫生健康委员会负责疾病预防的官员王斌称，中国已经在预防和控制艾滋病方面取得了进展。
The spread of HIV through drug injections has been effectively controlled. In 2017, the number of people infected through drug abuse was 44.5 percent lower than that in 2012.
通过药物注射传播艾滋病病毒的情况已得到有效控制。2017年，经注射吸毒感染者的人数相比2012年下降44.5%。
The mother-to-child transmission rate also reached its historically low point last year, dropping from 7.1 percent in 2012 to 4.9 percent in 2017, Wang said.
王斌表示，去年母婴传播率也达到了历史最低点，从2012年的7.1%下降到2017年的4.9%。
The gold market may be obsessed about the dollar and prospect of a rise in US interest rates. But there’s another factor looming on the horizon: a fall in gold mine supply.
黄金市场可能会对美元以及美国加息的前景着迷。但还有一个因素正在逼近：金矿供应下降。
After rising every year since 2008 global gold supply plateaued last year, according to the World Gold Council. In China, the world’s biggest producer, it fell by a record 9 per cent, the second time output has fallen in the country since 1980.
根据世界黄金协会(World Gold Council)的数据，自2008年以来全球黄金供应每年都增长，这一增长在去年陷入停滞。作为世界最大的黄金生产国，去年中国的黄金供应创纪录地下降9%，这是自1980年来中国的黄金产出第二次下降。
China accounts for about 15 per cent of the world’s gold production, a higher proportion than Saudi Arabia has in the oil market. But since 2016 authorities have tightened their scrutiny on gold mining, which has led to the closure of smaller mines in the country.
中国约占世界黄金产量的15%，这个比例高于沙特占石油市场的比例。但自2016年以来，中国当局收紧了对黄金开采的审查，导致中国的小型金矿纷纷关闭。
“The environment is gaining increasing appreciation from policymakers,” Alistair Hewitt, head of market intelligence at the World Gold Council, said. “Gold mining has come under tighter regulations.”
“环境越来越受到政策制定者的重视。”世界黄金协会市场情报部门负责人阿利斯泰尔?休伊特(Alistair Hewitt)说，“黄金开采受到更严格的监管。”
China produced an estimated 420.5 tonnes of gold last year, according to the World Gold Council. Over the same period, Chinese demand for gold rose by 4 per cent to 953.3 tonnes, it said.
根据世界黄金协会的数据，去年中国的黄金产量估计为420.5吨。该组织表示，同期中国对黄金的需求上升了4%，至953.3吨。
Global gold production rose to 3,268.7 tonnes in 2017 from 3,263 tonnes a year earlier, according to the WGC. That was the smallest increase since 2008, when gold mined fell more than 2 per cent during the financial crisis.
2017年，全球黄金的产量从上一年的3263吨上升至3268.7吨。这是自2008年以来的最小涨幅。2008年金融危机期间，黄金开采量下降了逾2%。
The price of gold has risen 15 per cent since the beginning of 2017 to trade at $1,334.78 a troy ounce.
自2017年初，金价上涨了15%，交易价为每盎司1334.78美元。
Almost all of China’s gold goes to meet domestic demand, since companies are not allowed to export gold.
中国几乎所有的黄金都用于满足国内需求，因为中国不允许企业出口黄金。
As regulations tighten at home, China’s gold companies are increasingly looking to make overseas acquisitions. Last year Shandong Gold agreed to buy 50 per cent of Barrick Gold’s Veladero mine in Argentina for $960m.
随着中国收紧法规，中国的黄金公司日益期盼进行海外收购。去年，山东黄金矿业股份有限公司(Shandong Gold Mining)同意以9.6亿美元购买巴里克黄金公司(Barrick Gold)持有的阿根廷贝拉德罗(Valedero)金矿50%的股权。
This year's best midseason trade action happened early:
今年最佳的季中交易早已发生了：
DeMarcus Cousins, Serge Ibaka and Lou Williams were all dealt in advance of Thursday's 3 p.m. ET deadline, leaving role players like Taj Gibson and P.J. Tucker as the biggest names to move right before the buzzer.
德马库斯-考辛斯、塞尔吉-伊巴卡和路易斯-威廉姆斯的交易早在截止时间——美国东部时间周四下午3点之前就已经完成了，在余下完成压哨交易的角色球员里，只有像泰-吉布森和PJ-塔克算是相对大牌的球员了。
Don't mistake the lack of a late flurry for an uneventful deadline:
不要误以为最后时刻的风平浪静就意味着截止期限前的动作是平淡无奇的：
Cousins's deal qualifies as a blockbuster, the Raptors made two strong moves to bolster their contender status, and the race for the West's last playoff spot got far more intriguing, among other storylines.
考辛斯的交易有资格作为一枚重磅炸弹，猛龙用两笔大交易确立了他们东部冠军挑战者的位置，以及，在另外的故事情节中，西部最后一个季后赛席位的争夺将愈演愈烈。
Here's a full rundown of the activity—and inactivity—with an eye towards naming this year's trade deadline winners and losers.
以下就是关于这些交易——或者那些本应发生的交易——的盘点，我们来看看今年交易截止日的赢家和输家分别是谁。
Winners: Mavericks
赢家：小牛
There are legitimate reasons to doubt that Nerlens Noel can blossom into a dependable starting center, including his injury history, off-court red flags, and extremely limited offensive game.
有理由怀疑纳伦斯-诺埃尔是否能成长为可靠的先发中锋，这些理由包括他的伤病史、场外红灯行为和非常有限的进攻手段。
This summer, Noel will enter restricted free agency expecting to be compensated handsomely given his demonstrated defensive impact, untapped potential and lottery pick pedigree, even though he's logged fewer than 5,000 minutes during his career.
这个夏天，诺埃尔将成为受限制自由球员，考虑到他公认的防守能力、未开发的潜力和乐透秀身份，他期望得到一份慷慨的补偿合同，即使他的职业生涯上场时间还不足5000分钟。
Mavericks owner Mark Cuban has made riskier bets than this, though, and he didn't part with much of consequence (Justin Anderson and a fake first-round pick) for a shot at working Noel into a lob-finishing/rim-protecting life as the next Tyson Chandler.
小牛队老板马克-库班曾下过比这更大的赌注，但是，他尝试换来诺埃尔作为空中接力/护框型球员——像泰森-钱德勒那样，舍弃的东西并不多（贾斯廷-安德森和一次伪第一轮选秀权）。
Given that Dallas resisted tanking for years as Dirk Nowitzki's career has wound down and therefore has a fairly limited collection of young talent, adding the 22-year-old Noel without doing any major damage to its rotation counts as a smart play.
考虑到达拉斯多年来一直拒绝摆滥，当德克-诺维茨基的职业生涯进入倒计时阶段，他们并没有囤积足够多的潜力新秀，这时换来22岁的诺埃尔而且没有对常规轮换造成大的损伤是个相当高明的举动。
Now the burden is on Noel to prove that he's capable of being more than the shell of a player he often looked like amidst the Sixers' disarray.
现在压力都在诺埃尔这里了，他得证明自己远比在76人时期迷失在混乱中的时候强。
Losers: Knicks
输家：尼克斯
After weeks of rumors, Phil Jackson failed to move Carmelo Anthony and Derrick Rose, two players who absolutely should have been traded for the long-term benefit of the franchise.
几周的流言结束后，菲尔-杰克逊依然没能成功交易走卡梅罗-安东尼和德里克-罗斯，虽然从球队长远的利益来看绝对得送走他俩。
Joakim Noah, meanwhile, proved to be so untradeable that he couldn't even generate a rumor.
同时，乔金-诺阿和交易无缘，因为甚至都没有关于他的交易流言。
New York's inactivity begs two questions. Does Jackson have the energy needed to undo the damage he's created during his tenure?
纽约的无所作为带来两个问题：杰克逊有足够的能量消除他在任时给球队带来的伤害吗？
Does he have the ability to communicate his plans for what comes next—whatever they might be—to a fan base that's rightfully demanding answers after another ugly season on and off the court?
他有能力向球迷们展示接下来的计划吗？——不管是什么计划。在又一个无论场内场外都丑陋的赛季后，尼克斯球迷当然有理由知道上述两个问题的答案。
Unless Charles Oakley successfully sues owner James Dolan, the highlight of the Knicks' 2016–17 season will be Kristaps Porzingis winning the Skills Challenge at All-Star Weekend.
除非查尔斯-奥克利成功控诉纽约老板詹姆斯-多兰，尼克斯2016-17赛季唯一的亮点将是克里斯塔普斯-波尔津吉斯在全明星周末斩获技巧挑战赛冠军。
That's not even a sarcastic quip, it's the truth.
这并不是讽刺小品，这是事实。
Winners: Raptors
赢家：猛龙
The Raptors entered February as the team that most needed to make a move: their hot start was fading, their defense wasn't up to snuff for a contender, they had a massive hole at the four, and they felt added urgency to make the most of Kyle Lowry's prime in advance of his upcoming free agency.
进入2月以来，猛龙逐渐感到他们需要进行人员调整了：良好的开局已经被挥霍的差不多了，他们的防守不足以限制对手，他们在四号位有个巨大的漏洞，在凯尔-洛瑞即将成为自由球员之前，他们急迫的需要利用好他的巅峰期。
GM Masai Ujiri struck twice to position Toronto for a second trip to the East finals, nabbing Ibaka from the Magic and Tucker from the Suns.
猛龙总经理马塞-尤吉利做了两笔交易，使猛龙有机会体验他们第二次东部决赛旅程：分别从魔术和太阳换来伊巴卡和塔克。
Given the Raptors' existing personnel, the Ibaka/Tucker additions qualify as massive defensive upgrades, giving coach Dwane Casey the tools he will need to grind out postseason wins if Lowry and DeMar DeRozan see their scoring efficiency dip as it has in years past.
考虑到猛龙现有的轮转人员，伊巴卡和塔克的到来使猛龙的防守大幅度提升了。鉴于洛瑞和德马尔-德罗赞一到季后赛得分效率就下降的黑历史，这两笔交易也给了主教练德韦恩-凯西足够的武器用来拿下那些季后赛胜利。
Their positional matchups with both Cleveland and Boston now look much more palatable.
他们现在对阵克里夫兰和波士顿时的人员对位看起来顺眼多了。
All told, Ujiri parted with Terrence Ross, Jared Sullinger, and a total of three picks to acquire the two veterans.
总之，尤吉利用特伦斯-罗斯、贾里德-萨林杰以及三个选秀权换来了两名季后赛老兵。
That price looks excellent given that Tucker should fit more neatly in a three-and-d role than Ross, Sullinger is a total non-factor, and the Raptors kept their own 2017 first-round pick.
这个价码看起来很合适，因为塔克应该比罗斯更适应3D角色，而萨林杰完全无关紧要，同时猛龙保留了他们自己的2017年一轮选秀权
The bulk of the risk in this move comes with the possibility that both Ibaka and Turner are free agents this summer, but the disappointment that might result from losing one or both would pale in comparison of a postseason flameout in May.
这两笔交易中最大的风险在于伊巴卡和塔克这个夏天即将成为自由球员，但是失去一到两名球员的痛苦和早早的在五月就被淘汰出季后赛相比就不算什么了。
Ujiri's well-timed and thoughtful moves should help reverse the Raptors' backsliding.
尤吉利时机恰当和思虑周密的举动应该能扭转猛龙下滑的颓势。
Winners: Pelicans
赢家：鹈鹕
Look no further than the title sponsor on their building—Smoothie King, a regional drink shop—to realize that the Pelicans have a serious relevancy problem. (By contrast, the NFL's Saints play in the Mercedes-Benz Superdome next door.)
只要看到球馆没有别的赞助商的大名——除了Smoothie King，一家当地的饮品店——就知道鹈鹕面临着什么样的严重问题（相比之下，圣徒队的主场就是他们隔壁的梅赛德斯-奔驰超圆屋顶体育场）。
Landing a superstar like Cousins for pennies on the dollar won't singlehandedly help the Pelicans carve out a larger slice of the sports landscape in New Orleans, but it's an excellent first step.
像考辛斯这样的超级球星以低廉的价格空降新奥尔良，并不只会帮助鹈鹕在新奥尔良雕刻出更大的运动景观，而且也是杰出的第一步。
While Cousins' volatile personality and high-usage tendencies present challenges, there are numerous justifications for rolling the dice:
虽然考辛斯喜怒无常的性格和高使用率确实是个麻烦，但是仍然有很多理由做出这个交易：
The Pelicans have struggle to attract and keep free agents, they must retain Jrue Holiday this summer, Cousins is from nearby Alabama and enjoys a close friendship with Anthony Davis, and years of disappointing and injury-plagued seasons put the franchise in a position where it seemed to be teetering on perennial also-ran status.
鹈鹕一直在费力的吸引并留下自由球员，他们必须在这个夏天留下朱-霍勒迪，考辛斯的家乡在附近的阿拉巴马，而且他和安东尼-戴维斯是密友，同时，多个令人沮丧和伤病困扰的赛季让鹈鹕一直在失败的循环中摇摆。
Losers: Kings
输家：国王
Duh.
唉。
This whole week was a train wreck: the unconvincing denials, the timing of the Cousins trade on All-Star Sunday, the pathetic return value,
这一周发生的事情对国王来讲是火车事故：毫无说服力的否认，考辛斯在全明星周日交易的时刻，可怜的交易回报价值，
the truly embarrassing press conference from Vlade Divac, the leaks of Vivek Ranadive's lust for Buddy Hield, and the failure to sell off a host of spare veteran roster parts that theoretically could have been turned into picks.
弗拉德-迪瓦茨令人尴尬的新闻发布会，Vivek Ranadive对巴迪-希尔德的兴趣被透露，以及未能换回选秀权的多余球员。
Nearly half of the Kings' roster should have been traded following the Cousins teardown move and yet none were. Nice. Bring on Buddy Mania. Plenty of good seats still available.
在考辛斯被交易后，接近一半国王队名单上的球员都应被清洗，然而并没有。很好。带上Buddy Mania，球馆里还有很多空座位可以挑选。
Winners: Lakers
赢家：湖人
Jeanie Buss's decision to finally dump Jim Buss—a man with none of the skills required to be a quality executive and years of floundering moves to his name—makes the Lakers clear winners all by itself.
珍妮-巴斯终于决定放弃吉姆-巴斯——一个没有任何技能成为合格执行官的人，一个如同他自己的名字只会做糊涂交易的人——让湖人自毁城墙。
But there's even more to be excited about: Magic Johnson is a well-connected and well-respected Hall of Famer who seems smart enough to delegate, new GM Rob Pelinka is a proven deal-maker with extensive ties throughout the league,
但是更让人兴奋的是，魔术师约翰逊是一个人脉广泛且备受尊敬的名人堂球员，他看起来也能知人善任，新经理罗布-佩林卡是一个老谋深算的交易者，他在联盟人脉也很广。
and the regime's first move—cashing in Lou Williams to the Rockets for a first-round pick—is a clear sign they realize that they must do everything to retain their own top-three protected pick in June's draft.
然后，新班子的第一个举动——用路易斯-威廉姆斯从火箭那里换来一个一轮签——是一个明确的信号，他们意识到必须不惜一切代价保证六月抽签时自己的选秀权能在前三。
The prospect of a major shakeup right before the deadline is usually a recipe for disaster, especially if it leads to immediate roster change.
通常的说，在交易截止日前进行重大调整意味着一场灾难，特别是当它导致了名单的改变时。
In this case, the Lakers got a reasonable return for their top trade piece, prepared to give their young players like D'Angelo Russell and Brandon Ingram greater responsibilities down the stretch, and hunkered down for a tank that just might land UCLA star Lonzo Ball.
这种情况下，湖人从他们的头等交易品那里获得了足够的回报，让他们的年轻球员诸如丹吉洛-拉塞尔和布兰登-英格拉姆准备好在比赛关键时刻承担更重的责任，同时铁了心摆滥准备迎接UCLA新星朗佐-鲍尔的到来。
The only thing worse than being bad is being bad without a vision. Johnson never lacked vision as a player and he's off to a good start as an executive.
比摆滥还要糟糕的是没有远见(vision)的摆滥，所幸约翰逊作为球员从来都不缺乏视野(vision)，而他作为球队管理也有一个不错的开端。
Winners: Thunder
赢家：雷霆
Oklahoma City GM Sam Presti, no stranger to deadline deals, pulled off a clean win bysending Cameron Payne, Joffrey Lauvergne and a second-round pick to Chicago in exchange for Taj Gibson and Doug McDermott.
俄克拉荷马城的经理萨姆-普莱斯蒂并不是截止日交易的陌生人，他送走卡梅罗-佩恩，若弗雷-洛维尔涅和一个二轮签从芝加哥换来泰-吉布森和道格-麦克德莫特的交易大获成功。
This move works on multiple fronts for the Thunder. First, Gibson helps fill in for the injured Enes Kanter in the short-term and he brings playoff experience, solid rebounding and hard-nosed defense to a possible postseason matchup with the Spurs or Rockets.
这个交易对雷霆有诸多方面的意义：首先，吉布森可以短期内顶替受伤的埃内斯-坎特，而且他带来了季后赛经验、可靠的篮板球保障和坚实的防守——这些可能对阵马刺或火箭的季后赛时都是需要的。
Second, McDermott, a career 39.9% three-point shooter, addresses Oklahoma City's biggest roster weakness—a lack of perimeter options around Russell Westbrook—and remains on a bargain rookie deal through the end of next season.
其次，麦克德莫特是一名职业生涯三分命中率39.9%的投手，解决了雷霆阵容最大的一块短板——拉塞尔-威斯布鲁克周围缺乏投手，而且他直到下个赛季结束都是便宜的新秀合同。
Third, McDermott provides some protection against the possibility of Andre Roberson departing as a free agent in the summer.
第三，麦克德莫特可以作为一道保险，以防如果今年夏天安德烈-罗伯森选择自由离开时雷霆无人可用。
Even if Gibson turns out to be a rental and leaves as a free agent this summer, the Thunder will likely feel good about these trade terms.
即使我们把吉布森视作租赁合同并且他将在夏天离开，雷霆对这笔交易依然感觉良好。
Payne, a former lottery pick, missed time with a foot injury and hasn't shown any major progress as a shooter or a defender in year two.
二年级的佩恩，作为一个乐透秀，因为脚伤很多时间不能上场，并且没有表现出作为投手或者防守球员的一点点进步。
With Westbrook playing such a hands-on, high-usage role and Victor Oladipo already locked in on a high-dollar extension, Payne needed to prove he could be an off-ball threat or a lead guard on the second unit.
随着威斯布鲁克成为一个事事亲为和高使用率的角色，奥拉迪波固定成为一个昂贵的补充品，佩恩需要证明他无球时的威胁力、或是能成为带动第二阵容的后卫，
He failed to do so and Presti smartly moved on while he could still recoup some value.
但他并没有做到这些。所以普莱斯蒂聪明的在他还有交易价值的时候把他送走了。
更多精彩内容请关注微信公众号、新浪微博：篮球英文堂
It's time to make New Year resolutions for traveling! Backpacker bible Lonely Planet has published its annual list of best value destinations in 2017 for people looking for wallet-friendly sightseeing experiences. Take a look.
现在是时候制订新年旅游计划了！有“背包客圣经”之称的《孤独星球》于近日向寻找地美价廉好去处的人们推荐了2017年性价比最高的旅游胜地清单。让我们一起来看看吧。
1.Nepal
1.尼泊尔
Nepal remains a fabulous choice for budget-conscious travelers, whether it's the country's world-famous trekking routes or the wildlife in the southern region. Travel costs per day are as low as $50 on average.
对于精打细算的旅客来说，尼泊尔一直是绝佳的好去处。无论是该地区的徒步路线还是南部地区的野外生物，在世界范围内都是赫赫有名。平均每人每天的旅行花费大概只在50美元左右。
The best time to visit is between May and January in 2017. Be a part of an amazing experience, visiting architecturally and culturally rich heritage sites in Kathmandu Valley, the country's political and cultural hub, and Royal Chitwan National Park in the south, the habitat of rare animals like the one-horned rhino and Bengal tiger.
尼泊尔的最佳旅行时间在今年的1月份到5月份。届时一定要去该国的加德满都谷底，该地区是尼泊尔的政治文化中心，同时也是世界遗产的集中地区，建筑风格多种多样，文化气息十分浓郁。此外，南部地区的奇旺国家公园也是必去之地，许多诸如印度犀牛和孟加拉虎等罕见野生动物都聚居在此地。
2.Namibia
2.纳米比亚
The Southwestern African country owns over 20 national parks and has the world's oldest deserts.
这个位于非洲西南部的国家拥有20多家国家公园以及世界上最古老的沙漠。
For a few years, Namibia's dollar has been depreciating against many currencies, providing affordable opportunities for travel. The best-priced flights generally avoid South African and European school-holiday times, especially late December and January.
纳米比亚的货币几年来一直对许多其他货币贬值，为其他国家的旅客前来旅游提供了便利条件。最便宜的航班一般会避开南非和欧洲学校的放假时间，尤其是十二月末和一月份。
3.Porto, Portugal
3.葡萄牙波尔图
Porto is nearly synonymous to port wine, and also its rich history. The city's historic center and the Alto Douro Wine Region have been listed as UNESCO World Heritage Sites.
波尔图基本与波特酒同义，并同样具有悠久的历史。该城市的历史城区和葡萄酒产区上杜罗已被联合国教科文组织列入世界遗产名录。
It also has a lot of inexpensive museums, cheap vintage trams and beautiful pebbly beaches. Day trips to vineyards are easy to arrange.
波尔图还有一系列较平民的博物馆、廉价的老式有轨电车和迷人的卵石海滩。葡萄园一日游这类短途旅行也非常便于安排。
4.Venice, Italy
4.意大利威尼斯
Venice has long been hailed as one of the most romantic cities in the world, a must-visit lagoon city on many people's travel lists.
威尼斯被普遍认为是世界上最浪漫的城市之一，也是许多游客必来的水上城市。
Founded in the 5th century and covering 118 small islands, the Northeast Italian city is famed for its water views, architecture and artwork.
威尼斯位于意大利东北部，约建成于公元5世纪，由118个小岛组成，凭借其迷人的水上景观、多样的建筑风格和琳琅满目的艺术品而闻名于世。
5.Debrecen, Hungary
5.匈牙利德布勒森
Debrecen is Hungary's second largest city after Budapest, and the heart of low-cost Hungary.
德布勒森是继首都布达佩斯之后的第二大城市，也是消费水平较低的匈牙利的中心地带。
The city offers excitement beyond your expectations, with grand churches, a richly varied number of museums, a growing modern-art scene and streets that come alive with summer festivals.
宏伟壮丽的教堂、随处可见的博物馆、日益丰富的现代艺术以及伴随夏季节日到来而热情洋溢的大街小巷等，该城市总能带给你意想不到的惊喜和兴奋。
6.Belize
6.伯利兹城
The most famous tourist attractions in Belize include the Great Blue Hole, a giant submarine sinkhole and the Mayan ruins.
伯利兹城最富盛名的旅游胜地莫过于巨大的水下天坑--蓝色巨洞以及玛雅遗址。
Belize's proximity to Mexico and the Caribbean ensures the street-food scene, providing an abundance of budget meal options.
伯利兹城靠近墨西哥和加勒比海，各处都是露天的街头小吃摊，为游客们提供了很多较实惠的用餐选择。
7.Morocco
7.摩洛哥
Morocco is a gateway to Africa. Major tourism cities in the North African kingdom include the capital of Rabat, Casablanca – the country's largest city - Marrakesh and Agadir.
摩洛克位于非洲北部地区，被称为通往非洲的一扇大门，主要旅游城市包括首都拉巴特、最大城市卡萨布兰卡、马拉喀什以及阿加迪尔市。
Morocco is home to nine UNESCO World Heritage Sites, mainly ancient towns and old city ruins, making it a decent choice for history lovers.
此外，摩洛哥还是九大联合国教科文组织世界遗产的聚居地，主要包括一些古城和旧城遗址，对于历史爱好者来说是一个不错的选择。
8.Russia
8.俄罗斯
With the Russian rouble depreciating against other major currencies, there has been an increase in visitors to this country in recent years.
随着俄罗斯货币卢布一再对其他货币贬值，近年来去往俄罗斯旅游的旅客也在逐渐增多。
There are a wide range of low-cost flights to Russia and transportation in the country is also easy with the Trans-Siberian Railway.
事实上，去往俄罗斯有许多可供选择的廉价航班。其国内的西伯利亚大铁路也使得交通十分便利。
Given that travel costs to Russia may surge in 2018 when the FIFA World Cup will take place there, visiting this year would be a smarter choice.
鉴于FIFA世界杯将于2018年在俄罗斯举办，届时的旅游成本会大大提高，所以选择在2017年去可谓是明智之举。
9.Bellarine Peninsula, Australia
9.澳大利亚贝拉林半岛
The Bellarine Peninsula, located Southwest of Melbourne, Victoria, has been a hotspot for timeless beaches and historic towns like Queenscliff and Portarlington.
贝拉林半岛位于墨尔本东南部，凭借众多海滩以及诸如昆斯克利夫和波塔灵顿这类历史古城而成为著名的旅游胜地。
10.Michigan's Upper Peninsula, the US
10.美国密歇根上半岛
Far away from the hustle and bustle of mega cities, Michigan's Upper Peninsula is an area full of stunning natural beauty and landscapes.
远离熙熙攘攘的繁华都市，密歇根上半岛主打自然风景与美景，种种景观令人叹为观止。
The region boasts hundreds of miles of beaches and lakeshore, some of the country's oldest forests and waterfalls. Best of all, it offers reasonable travel costs and sees far fewer travelers than big cities.
该地区拥有数百英里的海滩和湖岸、美国的最古老丛林以及瀑布景观。最值得一提的是，该地区游客相对较少，环境清幽，价钱也较为合理。
China's movie box office revenue rose 13.45 percent in 2017 to more than 55.9 billion yuan (8.6 billion U.S. dollars), with domestic films contributing 53.84 percent to the market, according to the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television.
据国家新闻出版广电总局介绍，中国的电影票房收益在2017年上涨了13.45%，达559亿元（86亿美元），国产影片为该市场做了53.84%的贡献。
Domestic action movie "Wolf Warrior II" was top on the list and became the country's highest-grossing film ever, raking in 5.68 billion yuan in ticket sales.
其中，国产动作片《战狼2》位居榜首，成了中国史上收入最高的影片，门票销售狂揽56.8亿元。
Four other domestic movies made it to the top ten list, among them are the third winner Never Say Die, Kung Fu Yoga in the fourth place, the fifth winner Journey to the West: The Demons Strike Back, and Youth in the eighth place.
另有其他四部国产电影挤入榜单前十位，排名第三的是《羞羞的铁拳》，第四名为《功夫瑜伽》，第五名为《西游伏妖篇》，第八名为《芳华》。
The Fate of the Furious was the top-grossing foreign film, ranking second on the list.
《速度与激情》则为收入最高的外国影片，位列该榜单的第二位。
Other top ten foreign pictures were Transformers: The Last Knight, Dangal, Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales, and Kong: Skull Island.
榜单前十名中的其它外国影片为《变形金刚5：最后的骑士》、《摔跤吧！爸爸》、《加勒比海盗5：死无对证》和《金刚：骷髅岛》。
"Twenty Two" featuring the tales of 22 comfort women became the first Chinese documentary to surpass 100 million yuan at the box office.
《二十二》讲述的是22名慰安妇的故事，是中国首部票房超过1亿元的纪录片。
The Chinese comedy Never Say Die has brought in an impressive $326 million worldwide to date.
而中国喜剧片《羞羞的铁拳》目前已在全球获得3.26亿美元的巨额收益。
In news that should come as little surprise to global air travelers, Singapore's done it again.
这条新闻可能对经常坐飞机环球旅行的旅客们并不稀奇，新加坡的机场再一次做到了。
For the fifth year in a row the city-state's Changi Airport has been named "world's best airport" at the annual Skytrax World Airport Awards.
新加坡樟宜国际机场已经连续五年在每年一度的Skytrax世界机场大奖评选中获得世界最佳机场。
The awards, announced during a ceremony in Amsterdam on March 14, are based on millions of international passenger surveys.
这一奖项于3月14日在阿姆斯特丹公布，是基于对全球上百万名旅客的调查而选出的。
At this point, travelers might be wondering if there will ever be an airport that can surpass much-lauded Changi.
此时可能会有旅客好奇，是否会有一座机场超过备受称赞的樟宜机场呢？
Among the amenities spread through its three terminals are two 24-hour movie theaters screening the latest blockbusters for free, a rooftop swimming pool and a butterfly garden.
樟宜机场的三座航站楼配有两个24小时电影院免费放映最近上映的大片，一个露天游泳池和一个蝴蝶花园。
A fourth terminal has just been completed and is due to open in the second half of 2017.
并且第四座航站楼已经竣工，将于2017年下半年投入使用。
'Winning the Skytrax World's Best Airport Award for the fifth consecutive year is immense encouragement to our 50,000-strong airport community at Changi Airport, every one of whom is passionate about delivering the most memorable airport experience to our passengers', said Lee Seow Hiang, CEO of Changi Airport Group, in a statement.
樟宜机场集团总裁李绍贤先生表示：“连续五年获得Skytrax世界最佳机场的殊荣，这是对整个樟宜机场五万多名职员巨大的鼓励，我们每一位员工都极富热情，并且希望留给每一位旅客最难忘的候机经历。”
Search giant Google has replaced iPhone makers Apple to be the world's most valuable company in the Brand Finance's Global 500 2017 report.
在咨询公司Brand Finance的《2017年全球500强》报告中，搜索巨头谷歌超过了iPhone的制造商苹果公司，成为了全世界市值最高的公司。
Google's brand is now worth more than 109 billion U.S. dollars, around 2 billion dollars more than Apple, making it the most lucrative in the world.
谷歌的品牌价值现在超过了1090亿美元，比苹果公司要高大约20亿美元，这使其成为了全世界最赚钱的公司。
This marks the first time that Google has topped the list since 2011.
这是自从2011年以来谷歌首次荣登榜首。
After Google and Apple, are Amazon and Microsoft.
在谷歌和苹果之后的品牌包括亚马逊以及微软公司等。
A total of 16 Chinese companies are in the top 100 on the list, including China Mobile, Alibaba and Tencent.
包括中国移动、阿里巴巴和腾讯的16家中国企业进入了该榜单的前100名。
Ranked 10th position, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China is the highest ranking Chinese company on the list.
而中国工商银行排在榜单的第十位，是该榜单上排名最高的中国企业。
A total of 1,300 fugitives suspected of economic crimes, 347 of whom were corrupt officials, returned to China from abroad to face justice last year, according to the country's top discipline watchdog.
中国最高纪律监管机构日前表示，去年共有1300名涉嫌经济犯罪的外逃人员回国接受审判，其中腐败官员347人。
About 980 million yuan of illicit assets were recovered, according to the Communist Party of China Central Commission for Discipline Inspection.
中共中央纪律检查委员会称，约9.8亿元非法资产获追回。
Discipline watchdogs have also tightened management of Party and governmental officials so that the number of newly escaped fugitives dropped from 101 in 2014 to only four last year, CCDI figures show.
中共中央纪律检查委员会的数据显示，各级纪委还将加强了对党员干部和国家工作人员的管理，去年，新增外逃人员数量由2014年的101人降至仅4人。
This year, China will further enhance international cooperation in fighting corruption, said a statement adopted at the second plenary session of the 19th CPC Central Commission for Discipline Inspection.
中国共产党第十九届中央纪律检查委员会第二次全体会议上通过的一项声明称，今年，中国将进一步加强打击腐败的国际合作。
China is preparing to sign more bilateral or multilateral agreements with other countries, and will enhance information exchanges and joint investigation especially with Western countries such as the US, Canada and Australia on some major or individual cases, according to the CCDI.
中共中央纪律检查委员会表示，中国正准备与其他国家签署更多双边或多边协议，并将加强信息交流和联合调查，尤其是与美国、加拿大和澳大利亚等西方国家在一些重大或独立个案上的合作。
"Under the leadership of the CPC Central Committee, we'll broaden judicial cooperation with relevant countries so that there will be no 'safe heaven' for corrupt fugitives," said La Yifan, director of the CCDI's International Cooperation Department.
中央纪委国际合作局局长腊翊凡表示：“在中共中央的领导下，我们将扩大与有关国家的司法合作，使腐败的外逃人员不存在“避罪天堂”。
China has continued to synchronize enterprises and institutions to raise the basic pension for over 100m retirees in 2017.
2017年我国继续同步提高企业和机关事业单位退休人员的基本养老金水平，惠及1亿多人。
According to a notice jointly issued by the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security and the Ministry of Finance, the average monthly payments for both enterprise and institution retirees will be increased by about 5.5% from the 2016 level.
根据人社部、财政部近日联合下发的通知，企业和机关事业单位退休人员的月均养老金将在2016年的基础上上调约5.5%。
It is estimated that over 89m enterprise retirees and more than 17m institution retirees will benefit from the adjustment.
预计将有8900多万企业退休人员和1700多万机关事业单位退休人员从中受益。
This is the second time that both enterprises and institutions have adjusted basic pension, since the first simultaneous adjustment in 2016.
这是继2016年我国首次同步调整企业和机关事业单位退休人员的基本养老金水平后，我国再次做出同步调整。
This year's lift was slower than the 6.5% rise in 2016, which is attributed to moderating economic growth and a rapidly aging society.
由于经济增长温和、社会快速老龄化，今年的涨幅较2016年的6.5%有所下降。
The 5.5-percent increase this year is reasonable given a less anticipated consumer price index (CPI) as well as slower salary and GDP growth, said Jin Weigang, head of the social security research institute under the MOHRSS.
人社部下属的社会保障研究所的所长金维刚称，鉴于居民消费价格指数低于预期、工资和GDP涨幅也有所放缓，所以今年上调5.5%这一数字是合理的。
"The CPI just went up two percent year on year in 2016, less than the three-percent predictive index. It was a moderate inflation, and reflected the price level was effectively controlled and basically stable," said Jin.
金维刚表示：“2016年居民消费价格指数仅同比上涨2%，低于预期的预测指标。属于温和通胀范围，反映了物价水平得到有效控制并保持基本平稳。”
"The average salary level of employees grew by about 6.3 percent year on year in the first three quarters of last year, while China's annual GDP growth stood at 6.7 percent in 2016, both slowing from a year earlier," Jin added.
金维刚补充说道：“去年前三季度职工平均工资增长幅度大致在6.3%，而我国2016年GDP增速则为6.7%。这两项都要比之前一年有所下降。”
China’s outbound non-financial investment fell 40.9 per cent during the ten months through October, according to official figures, reflecting the enduring impact of strict capital controls.
根据官方数据显示，今年前10个月中国对外非金融类投资同比下降40.9%，这反映出中国政府严格的资本管控带来持续影响。
Outbound investment for the period totalled $86.3bn, according to the Ministry of Commerce.
中国商务部(Ministry of Commerce)表示，今年1-10月中国对外投资总计863亿美元。
That put outbound investment for October at $8.3bn, according to FT calculations based on official data, for a year-on-year fall of 26.5 per cent.
英国《金融时报》根据此前的官方数据计算得出，这意味着10月中国对外投资额为83亿美元，同比下滑26.5%。
Regulators clamped down on outbound deals following an unprecedented flood of offshore acquisitions in 2016 that drained China’s foreign exchange reserves. In August this year, China’s cabinet formalised a new framework that encourages deals that fit Beijing’s strategic priorities and discourages deals in entertainment, sports and luxury real estate
2016年空前的海外收购潮消耗了中国大量外汇储备，随后监管部门开始严格限制境外交易。今年8月，中国政府出台了新框架，鼓励那些符合北京战略重点的交易，并限制涉及娱乐、体育和豪宅等方面的交易。
In early November the government further tightened controls over outbound investment by requiring regulatory approval for some foreign acquisitions conducted through an offshore entity.
11月初，中国政府要求一些通过离岸实体操作的境外收购需得到监管部门批准，进一步收紧了对境外投资的管控。
Movie buffs will soon be able to celebrate with a visual feast at the Beijing International Film Festival, where nearly 500 high quality films will be shown.
电影迷们很快就能在北京国际电影节上庆祝一场视觉盛宴了，该电影节上还将放映近500部高质量电影。
The movies were selected from more than 2,000 titles from 100 countries and will be screened in 30 cinemas and colleges around Beijing from April 8 to April 23, Zhang Xiaoguang, deputy head of China Film Archive, said last Thursday.
上周四，中国电影资料馆副馆长张晓光表示，这些电影从来自100个国家的2000多部候选影片中脱颖而出，将于4月8日到23日期间在北京30多个电影院和大学放映。
As this year marks the 10th anniversary of the iconic Italian director Michelangelo Antonioni’s death, up to 13 of his classics - from his debut feature Story of a Love Affair to the 1995 romance Beyond the Clouds - will be screened as an homage to the master.
由于今年是意大利标志性导演米开朗基罗·安东尼奥尼逝世10周年，为向大师致敬，将放映他的13部经典作品--从他的出道作品《某种爱的记录》到1995年的爱情片《云上的日子》。
Such highlighted talents also include cult director David Lynch of the United States and the versatile Taiwan filmmaker Sylvia Chang, whose representative works are on the recommended lineup.
此类知名大家还包括美国大热导演大卫·林奇以及台湾鬼才电影制片人张艾嘉，他们的作品也在推荐放映列表里。
The list also has some movies that earned awards at the 67th Berlin International Film Festival in February, such as the best movie winner On Body and Soul and best director winner The Other Side of Hope, by Aki Kaurismaki of Finland.
列表里一些电影还在2月份的第67届柏林国际电影节上获得了奖项，例如最佳影片奖得主《身体和灵魂》和最佳导演奖得主《希望的另一面》（芬兰阿基·考里斯马基作品）。
A retrospective section will include movies produced by the Shanghai studio Wenhua, a company founded in 1946 that ushered a new era of Chinese art-house films, Zhang said, giving viewers "a glimpse of Chinese cinematic culture and history".
据张晓光表示，怀旧部分将包括出自上海文华电影制作工作室的电影，该公司成立于1946年、引领了中国文艺电影的新时代，将会让观众“一睹中国的电影文化和历史”。
The capital plans to move most of its municipal departments to the suburban district of Tongzhou in 2017, the Beijing Municipal Committee announced on Wednesday.
周三，北京市市委宣布，计划将绝大部分的北京市政府部门在2017年迁至通州区。
All or most of the municipal government's departments will move, as the office buildings are scheduled to be completed that year.
全部或者大多数政府部门将会迁移，行政大楼计划将在2017年建成。
Tongzhou was designated as the site of a new administrative center for the municipal government to help relieve the current heavy pressure on public services in downtown Beijing, where the central government is located.
通州将会成为新的北京行政中心，该举措有助于缓解现在政府所在的北京中心地区的公共服务压力。
The relocation is also part of the integration plan for the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei cluster, which aims to ease congestion in the capital and achieve more balanced development in the region.
迁移工程也是京津冀一体化计划的一部分，其目的在于缓解首都交通拥挤，为地区提供更加均衡的发展。
According to the announcement, the new administrative center in Tongzhou will put infrastructure upgrades and ecological improvement on top of the agenda. The municipal government hopes to improve public services in education, healthcare, cultural events and industries in the district.
根据声明，通州新的行政中心将把基础设施升级和生态建设放在首位。北京市政府希望可以提高该地区的教育、医疗、文化事务与产业在内的公共服务发展。
Meanwhile, villages within the city's boundaries will be overhauled and low-end manufacturers and logistics companies removed.
同时，城市周围的乡村地区将会进行修缮，低端的制造厂和公司将会迁移。
"A total of 297 projects will be carried out in Tongzhou, such as building new subway lines and expressways, and improving ecologies," Lu Yan, director of the Beijing Municipal Commission of Development and Reform, said at a news conference on Wednesday.
周三，北京市发改委主任卢彦在新闻发布会上说：“我们将会在通州开展297个项目，例如建设地铁线和高速路及改善生态环境。”
Last week, Lu was appointed director of the office for Beijing's Leading Group of Promoting Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Integration Development, a move to accelerate Beijing's moves to coordinate with Tianjin and Hebei province.
上周，卢彦被任命为北京市推进京津冀协同发展领导小组办公室主任，该举措是为了加速京津冀一体化的协调工作。
The projects will also cover infrastructure programs such as new connections between Tongzhou and downtown Beijing, sewage and waste water disposal, and energy facilities. Cultural projects will be carried out to provide more employment opportunities, as the construction proceeds on a Universal Studios theme park and a training facility for the National Center for Performing Arts, Lu said.
卢彦说，该工程也包括建造连结北京市中心与通州的基础设施建设、下水道与污水处理和建造能源设备。随着建设环球影城主题公园和国家大剧院的训练设施的落成，文化工程将会提供更多的就业机会。
Lu also said high-quality hospitals will be built in Tongzhou and new towns in other suburban districts to attract downtown residents and ease traffic jams and other congestions in crowded downtown areas.
卢彦说，通州和其他地区也会建设高规格的医院供市中心地区居民看病，该举措可以缓解交通压力和城市拥堵。
Talented getaway driver Baby (Ansel Elgort) relies on the beat of his personal soundtrack to be the best in the game. After meeting the woman (Lily James) of his dreams, he sees a chance to ditch his shady lifestyle and make a clean break. Coerced into working for a crime boss (Kevin Spacey), Baby must face the music as a doomed heist threatens his life, love and freedom.
在赛场上，绰号Baby的天才逃亡车手（安塞尔?埃尔格特饰）依靠专属的音乐节奏开车而独占鳌头。与梦中女神（莉莉?詹姆斯饰）邂逅之后，Baby看到了希望，想与以往不堪的生活断个干干净净。Baby被迫为黑社会老大（凯文?史派西饰）干活，在派给他的最后一单中，危机一触即发。面前是巨大的挑战，对他的生活、爱人和自由来说，形势都岌岌可危……
Edgar Wright’s Baby Driver is one of the most entertaining thrill rides of this year, this decade. This century.
埃德加?赖特的《极盗车神》是本年度、十年内、甚至是本世纪最激动人心的飞车电影了。
It’s wall-to-wall pure pop heaven, crackling with originality and dark humor, teeming with action sequences so perfectly timed and executed you almost want to run out of the theater on the spot so you can call a friend and rave about it — but you wouldn’t dare leave your seat because you wouldn’t want to miss a frame of this brilliant, pulse-quickening gem.
这部电影是完全的、纯粹的流行天堂，其中不乏独创性和黑色幽默。动作编排恰到好处。某些画面，观影者忍不住想冲出电影院叫来朋友观看。但你并不敢离开位置，你怕错过这绝妙的片段。
It's the summer of 1983, and precocious 17-year-old Elio Perlman is spending the days with his family at their 17th-century villa in Lombardy, Italy. He soon meets Oliver, a handsome doctoral student who's working as an intern for Elio's father. Amid the sun-drenched splendor of their surroundings, Elio and Oliver discover the heady beauty of awakening desire over the course of a summer that will alter their lives forever.
1983年的夏天，早熟的17岁少年埃利奥与家人一同在意大利北部伦巴第的17世纪乡间别墅度假。他邂逅了英俊的博士生奥利弗，后者是埃利奥父亲的实习生。那个夏天，一切都沉醉在灿烂阳光中，埃利奥和奥利弗彼此探索着欲望觉醒带来的令人晕眩的美。这个夏天将改变他们的一生。
Strong in many categories, but without quite managing to be a front runner in any. Perhaps Timothee Chalamet's performance is its best chance of awards success.
这部电影有实力冲击很多奖项，但很难领跑其中的任何一项。也许“甜茶”蒂莫西?柴勒梅德的表演是该片冲奥的最大可能。
A best film nomination looks certain. Darkest Hour's Gary Oldman is the favorite for best actor, but if anyone can beat him it's probably Chalamet.
最佳电影提名应该可以肯定。参演《至暗时刻》的加里?奥德曼是最佳男主角的最热人选，如果说有谁能击败他的话，那可能就是蒂莫西?柴勒梅德了。
Tommy Wiseau and Greg Sestero become friends after meeting each other in an acting class in San Francisco. Hoping to achieve Hollywood stardom, Sestero moves to Los Angeles and signs on to appear in his buddy's project. Financed with his own money, Wiseau writes, directs and stars in "The Room," a critically maligned movie that becomes a cult classic.
托米?韦素与格雷戈?泽斯特洛在旧金山一堂表演课上相识。格雷戈梦想着能在好莱坞崭露头角，搬来了旧金山，加入了托米的电影拍摄。托米自己出资，自导自演了《房间》（The Room）这部电影，后来该电影被批得体无完肤，很多人视其为邪典电影的经典。
James Franco’s new movie about the making of The Room will make you belly-laugh, but its comedy is also deeper and richer than mere mockery.
詹姆斯?弗兰科的关于拍摄《房间》的新片会让你笑破肚皮，但是这部电影具有深刻内涵，而不是简单的嘲讽。
The Disaster Artist is part buddy movie, part show-business fable, and part behind-the-scenes DVD featurette.
《灾难艺术家》一部分是关于好朋友的电影。一部分是娱乐业的新片，还有一部分是幕后的电影短片。
When scientists discover how to shrink humans to five inches tall as a solution to overpopulation, Paul (Matt Damon) and his wife Audrey (Kristen Wiig) decide to abandon their stressed lives in order to get small and move to a new downsized community, a choice that triggers life-changing adventures.
为了缓解人口过多的问题，科学家研究出一项技术，可以将人缩小到只有5英寸高（12.7cm）。保罗（马特?达蒙饰）和妻子奥德丽（克里斯汀?韦格饰）决定把紧巴巴的生活抛在身后，自愿缩身加入一个全新的迷你社区。这一决定使得这对夫妇的人生发生了翻天覆地的变化。
Throughout Downsizing, I kept asking myself what the point of all of this was, never engaged by its hodgepodge of themes. I wish the filmmakers had asked that question too.
在观影从始至终，我都在问自己一个问题：这部电影到底在讲什么……这部电影的主题仿佛一锅杂烩，并不明晰。我希望制片人也在问同样的问题。
Captivating, funny and possessed of a surprise-filled zig-zag structure that makes it impossible to anticipate where it's headed, this is a deeply humane film that, like the best Hollywood classics, feels both entirely of its moment and timeless.
这部电影有趣、使人着迷，有不少迂回的、令人惊喜的桥段，让你无法预测结局。和很多好莱坞最好的电影一样，这部电影闪耀人性光辉。既契合当下，又经典隽永。
In May 1940, Germany advanced into France, trapping Allied troops on the beaches of Dunkirk. Under air and ground cover from British and French forces, troops were slowly and methodically evacuated from the beach using every serviceable naval and civilian vessel that could be found. At the end of this heroic mission, 330,000 French, British, Belgian and Dutch soldiers were safely evacuated.
1940年5月，德国进军法国，将40万英法联军围困在敦刻尔克的海滩上。在英国和法国军队的地空掩护下，盟军利用所有能用上的军用和民用船只，有条不紊地进行了撤退。这个英勇行动的最后，有33万名来自法国、英国、比利时和荷兰士兵得以安全撤退。
Although it picked up a best editing prize from the LA Film Critics Association, it was ignored by their New York counterparts. Could its momentum be waning?
尽管该片被洛杉矶影评人协会评为最佳剪辑奖，但却没有受到纽约影评人的重视。它的势头会逐渐减弱吗？
Best film and best director. Surprisingly, Nolan has never received a directing nomination from the Academy.
最佳电影奖和最佳导演奖。让人意外的是，诺兰从未获得过奥斯卡奖最佳导演提名。
Set over one summer, the film follows precocious 6-year-old Moonee as she courts mischief and adventure with her ragtag playmates and bonds with her rebellious but caring mother, all while living in the shadows of Disney World.
影片发生在一个夏天，故事里6岁的早熟女孩穆尼整天和一群衣衫褴褛的朋友们捣乱打闹。生活在迪士尼乐园的幻影里，她和反叛却充满爱心的妈妈感情越发深厚。
Strong reviews, and praise for the performances - particularly from the children at the centre of the story, and Willem Dafoe, who plays the manager of the motel where they live.
影片评价极高，演技也大获好评，尤其是故事的主人公——那些孩子们，以及汽车旅馆经理的扮演者威廉?达福。
Dafoe is probably the current front runner for best supporting actor.
达福目前可能是最佳男配角的领跑者。
Now that Chris and his girlfriend, Rose, have reached the meet-the-parents milestone of dating, she invites him for a weekend getaway upstate with Missy and Dean. At first, Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, but as the weekend progresses, a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined.
黑人小伙克里斯和白人女孩露丝交往到了见家长的一步。露丝邀请男友去北部父母家共度周末。女友的父母对自己甚是热情，起初，克里斯把这种过度热情解读为父母试图面对女儿跨种族爱情的紧张反应，但随后，一连串蛛丝马迹令人越来越不安，克里斯渐渐察觉，背后的真相远非自己所能想象的。
If there are nine or 10 best picture nominees, it could grab a spot. Jordan Peele's screenplay looks certain to be recognized.
如果这届奥斯卡最佳影片的提名数有9或10部电影的话，那么《逃出绝命镇》能占一个。乔登?皮尔的剧本应该一定会被提名。
Christine "Lady Bird" MacPherson is a high school senior from the "wrong side of the tracks." She longs for adventure, sophistication, and opportunity, but finds none of that in her Sacramento Catholic high school. Lady Bird follows the title character's senior year in high school, including her first romance, her participation in the school play, and most importantly, her applying for college.
克里斯汀“伯德小姐”是一名高中生，她“家里贫困拮据”，但却向往冒险成熟的生活，憧憬机遇的来临。但在她所就读的萨克拉门托天主教学院她却什么也寻求不到。影片讲述了主角高三一年的经历，包括她第一次恋爱，她在学校参加舞台表演，以及最重要的，她申请大学的故事。
A heartfelt coming-of-age story that perfectly captures the bittersweet transition from adolescence to dawning adulthood...
这个触动人心的成长故事完美捕捉了一个人从青少年初长为成年人的甜蜜又苦涩的阶段。
In the near future, a weary Logan (Hugh Jackman) cares for an ailing Professor X (Patrick Stewart) at a remote outpost on the Mexican border. His plan to hide from the outside world gets upended when he meets a young mutant (Dafne Keen) who is very much like him. Logan must now protect the girl and battle the dark forces that want to capture her.
在不久的将来，罗根（休?杰克曼饰）已迈入暮年。他在墨西哥边境附近的一个藏身所里照顾着重病的X教授（帕特里克?斯图尔特饰）。他计划隐世度日，但他遇见了一个非常像他的年轻变异人劳拉（达芙妮?基恩饰）后，这个计划搁置了。罗根必须保护这个女孩，与要捕杀她的黑暗势力斗争。
Logan's claws are slow on the draw and his self-healing powers are on the fritz, but he's committed to caring for his mentor Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart, so good you want to applaud). It's not easy watching Professor X suffer seizures that rattle his telepathic brain. Make no mistake, Logan earns its tears. If Jackman and Stewart are serious about this being their mutual X-Men swan song, they could not have crafted a more heartfelt valedictory.
剧中，罗根的爪子不再迅疾，自愈能力渐失，但他坚持照顾人生导师X教授（X教授的演技让你忍不住为他鼓掌！），看着影片里X教授忍受癫痫的痛苦实在是令人不忍。毫无疑问，该片赚足了粉丝的泪水。如果杰克曼和斯图尔特是认真的，这部片子是他们为对方献上的终篇，这番告别可谓是一曲千古绝唱。
Set in 1950's London, Reynolds Woodcock is a renowned dressmaker whose fastidious life is disrupted by a young, strong-willed woman, Alma, who becomes his muse and lover.
故事发生在1950年的伦敦，雷诺兹?伍德科克是一位知名缝匠。他挑剔的生活中走进了阿尔玛，她是一位充满主见的年轻女性，后来成为了雷诺兹的缪斯女神和爱人。
Within days of becoming Prime Minister of Great Britain, Winston Churchill (Gary Oldman) must face one of his most turbulent and defining trials: exploring a negotiated peace treaty with Nazi Germany, or standing firm to fight for the ideals, liberty and freedom of a nation.
温斯顿?丘吉尔（加里?奥德曼饰）刚刚上任英国首相，就面临着一个他生命中最关键的抉择：暗流涌动，是与纳粹德国和谈，还是依旧保持坚定立场，为了国家的理想、自由而战斗。
As the unstoppable Nazi forces roll across Western Europe and the threat of invasion is imminent, and with an unprepared public, a skeptical King, and his own party plotting against him, Churchill must withstand his darkest hour, rally a nation, and attempt to change the course of world history.
纳粹势力席卷西欧，一场入侵迫在眉睫，然而一方面民众毫无准备，一方面国王还心存怀疑，认为王位陷入了自己党派设下的阴谋之中。丘吉尔必须承受至暗时刻，团结全国，改写世界的历史进程。
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri is a darkly comic drama from Academy Award winner Martin McDonagh.
《三块广告牌》是一部黑色喜剧电影，由奥斯卡得主马丁?麦克唐纳执导。
After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayesmakes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby, the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Dixon, an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated.
米尔德里德的女儿7个月前遇害，但凶手仍然逍遥法外，主角一怒之下做出了一个大胆的决定：买下了小镇入口三张广告牌并在张贴图片中抨击颇有威望的警长威廉?威洛比。威廉的副手官迪克逊是一个幼稚的妈宝男，有暴力倾向。迪克逊卷入这件事后，米尔德里德和小镇执法系统之间的较量变得愈发激烈了。
Steven Spielberg directs Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks in The Post, a thrilling drama about the unlikely partnership between The Washington Post's Katharine Graham (Streep), the first female publisher of a major American newspaper, and editor Ben Bradlee (Hanks), as they race to catch up with The New York Times to expose a massive cover-up of government secrets that spanned three decades and four U.S. Presidents. The two must overcome their differences as they risk their careers - and their very freedom - to help bring long-buried truths to light.
影片由斯蒂芬?斯皮尔伯格执导，梅丽尔?斯特里普和汤姆?汉克斯主演，讲述了一次激动人心的合作。凯瑟琳?格雷厄姆（斯特里普饰）是美国第一位大型报刊女性出版商，故事里，她与编辑本?布拉德利（汉克斯）力争抢先于《纽约时报》大规模报道美国政府的秘密。这些秘密尘封了三年，涉及四位总统。他们把自己的事业前途——以及人身自由——都赌在了这一次冒险上，双方必须合作，解决彼此之间的不和，才能携手将真相披露在大众面前。
From master story teller, Guillermo del Toro, The Shape of Water comes another worldly fairy tale for his audience, set against the backdrop of Cold War era America circa 1962. In the hidden high-security government laboratory where she works, lonely Elisa (Sally Hawkins) is trapped in a life of isolation. Elisa's life is changed forever when she and co-worker Zelda (Octavia Spencer) discover a secret classified experiment.
吉尔莫?德尔?托罗是讲故事的大师，今年他执导的《水形物语》又是一部带给观众的现实童话。故事背景设置在1962冷战时期的美国。埃莉萨（莎莉?霍金斯饰）在一个政府名下的实验室工作，那里戒备森严，她常常深陷孤独，感觉受困于隔绝人群的生活。然而，埃莉萨和同事塞尔达（奥克塔维亚?斯宾塞饰）发现了实验室里一个机密实验，此后她的生活就被彻底改变了。
It might be that bit too far from the mainstream to make a huge awards impact.
影片可能太过非主流，不具有获得大奖的影响力。
Online registration for the 2017 national civil servant exam started last Saturday.
2017年度国家公务员考试网上报名于上周六开始。
The total number of qualified applicants reached 31,220 in the first 24 hours, up from 25,000 over the same period last year, according to figures from offcn.com, an education organization that offers training for the civil servant exam.
提供公务员考试培训的教育机构中公网校的数据显示，报名首日共有31220人通过审核，超过去年同期的2.5万人。
Online registration will end on Oct. 24. The exam will be held on Nov. 27 in major Chinese cities.
国考报名将于本月24日截止，而考试将于11月27日在中国各大城市举行。
More than 27,000 vacancies are offered by over 120 central departments and their affiliated public institutions in the 2017 civil servant recruitment drive. The number of vacancies is about the same as 2016.
本次国考招录共有120多个中央机关及其直属机构参加，计划招录2.7万余人，与上一年度规模基本持平。
Local-level work experience will advantageous for applicants, with personnel with more than two years of experience at this level given some advantage.
据悉，地方级的工作经验将对申请者有利，其中有两年以上工作经验的人员将会具有一定的优势。
The circular also stressed zero tolerance for cheating.
此外，有关通知还强调对作弊的零容忍。
Some 930,000 people sat the National Public Servant Exam in China on Nov. 29 last year, a 60,000 decrease year on year. But the 27,000 positions on offer was a new high.
在去年11月29日，共计约有93万人参加国家公务员考试，同比下降了60000人。不过，提供的2.7万个招聘岗位则创下了新高。
The annual national civil service exam kicked off last Sunday, and some recent hot topics - such as college graduates starting their own businesses and the Yutu (Jade Rabbit) lunar rover - appeared in the exam questions.
2017年度国家公务员考试上周日开考，大学生自主创业和"玉兔"月球车等最近的热门话题进入国考考题。
The 1.48 million people who qualified to take the exam marked an increase of 90,000 over last year, while the number of positions offered - 27,000 - remained almost the same.
本次国考共有148万人通过资格审查，较去年增加9万人，而计划招录岗位为2.7万个，几乎与去年持平。
Last year, only 930,000 of the 1.39 million qualified finally entered the exam halls.
去年，在报名参考的139万人中，只有93万人最终进入了考场。
According to exam questions and some test-takers' feedback posted online after the exam, the difficulty of the questions was moderate and hot political and social issues, such as the Long March rockets, China's foreign affairs, the Yutu lunar rover and entrepreneurial efforts by college students, were mentioned.
根据考试结束后网上发布的考题和部分考生的反馈，今年的考题难度适中，长征火箭、我国外交事务、"玉兔"月球车和大学生创业等政治和社会热点问题都有出现。
The civil service exam consists of writing tests and interviews. The interviews are expected to be held in February or March, after the writing test results come out in January.
国考分为笔试和面试两部分。笔试成绩将于1月发布，面试预计在2月或3月举行。
This year, for the most hotly contested position－one at the Central Committee of the China Democratic League's reception office－there were about 10,000 competitors.
今年，竞争最激烈的职位--中国民主同盟中央委员会接待处--有大约10000人参与竞争。
Let us look at what lies ahead for the rest of 2017 in trade:
让我们看看2017年余下时间有哪些贸易动向：
Trump’s trade war with China
特朗普与中国的贸易战
This is the biggest question hanging over the global economy. And the biggest risk.
这是悬在全球经济头顶的最大问题，也是最大风险。
After China hawk Steve Bannon’s exit there was a temptation to proclaim the death of the Trump White House’s economic nationalism. But that ignored the presence of Donald Trump, who is instinctually a protectionist. He wants “tariffs” rather than deals when it comes to China, as we’ve learned in recent days. He also sees cracking down on China as key to keeping his “America First” promise to his base.
在主张对华强硬的史蒂夫?班农(Steve Bannon)出局之后，人们就忍不住想要宣布特朗普政府的经济民族主义已死。但这忽视了唐纳德?特朗普(Donald Trump)是怎样一个人——他是一个本能的保护主义者。正如我们近来所了解到的，对于中国，他更想要的是“关税”而不是交易。他还认为打击中国是向其基础选民履行他的“美国优先”承诺的关键。
The only things in the way are his staff, Republicans in Congress and the limits of his power. And those are important. Campaign promises of 45 per cent tariffs on Chinese goods have turned into investigations into Beijing’s intellectual property regime.
他仅面临这几个障碍：他的手下、国会里的共和党人以及总统行政权的限度。而这几个障碍都非常有分量。他竞选时声称要对中国货物征收45%关税的承诺，已经变成对中国知识产权做法展开调查。
My bet is those forces — and America’s CEOs — will continue to temper the president’s trade tantrums in the short term. But there are lots of people baying for Chinese trade blood in Washington these days.
我打赌短期内这些力量——以及美国的首席执行官们——将继续缓和总统在贸易上的火气。不过眼下华盛顿有很多人叫嚣着要在贸易上惩罚中国。
The Brexit trade uncertainty
英国脱欧带来的贸易不确定性
The most striking thing about the UK’s looming exit from the EU is how few details we still know about what Brexit will bring. And that it has been more than a year since the referendum.
关于英国即将离开欧盟最引人注目的事情是，我们居然仍对脱欧具体会带来什么后果知之甚少。全民公投可是一年多以前的事了。
Theresa May is still facing resistance from within her own party. Vince Cable, the Liberal Democrats’ sage and leader, still thinks Brexit may not really happen.
特里萨?梅(Theresa May)依然面临着党内阻力。自由民主党(Liberal Democrats)的智者兼领导人文斯?凯布尔(Vince Cable)依然认为脱欧可能不会真的发生。
It seems safe to predict lots more noise and very little progress for the rest of 2017. And that will continue to be a damaging combination for business and the UK economy.
现在似乎可以放心地预言，2017年余下时间会出现更多噪音、甚少进展，而这将继续对贸易和英国经济造成破坏。
China’s bid to close its own Asia-Pac deal
中国力争达成自己的亚太区协议
Beijing is pushing hard to conclude the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership by the end of the year. The deal has long been called China’s answer to the Trans-Pacific Partnership and its bid for regional trade hegemony.
北京正努力在年底前完成《区域全面经济伙伴关系协定》（Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership，简称RCEP）。该协议长期以来被称为中国面对《跨太平洋伙伴关系协定》（Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement，简称TPP）的对策，以及代表了中国争取区域贸易霸权的努力。
Technically it is a project of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations to bring all of its trade deals in the region under one umbrella. It also lacks the ambition on many fronts of the TPP.
从技术上来说，这是东盟(ASEAN)十个成员国将本地区所有贸易协议纳入一个整体框架的计划。它也没有TPP在许多方面的雄心。
But closing the deal on RCEP less than a year after Donald Trump pulled the US out of the TPP would be a big win for Beijing.
但对于北京来说，若能在特朗普让美国退出TPP后不到一年的时间里达成RCEP协议，将是一场巨大的胜利。
Likewise, if the 11 countries led by Japan left in the TPP manage to salvage a deal following the US exit that could provide some balance in the region.
同样地，如果TPP剩下的11国在美国退出后，能在日本的带领下设法挽救该协议，可能为该地区带来一些平衡。
The drama in Nafta
《北美自由贸易协定》(Nafta)的大戏
With the second round of (re)negotiations closing on Tuesday we have truly entered the technocratic phase of these trade talks.
在第二轮（重新）谈判不久前结束后，我们真正进入了贸易谈判的技术官僚阶段。
Still, the clock is ticking and President Trump is doing his best to add dramatic tension by threatening a withdrawal.
不过，时间不等人，特朗普总统也正通过威胁退出谈判而极力增添一些戏剧性的紧张感。
I expect the real drama to come early in 2018. But this is Donald Trump’s trade world. We just live in it.
我预计真正的大戏将在2018年初展开。但这是唐纳德?特朗普的贸易世界。我们只有观看的份儿。
Don’t cry for the WTO
不要为WTO哭泣
We began the year worried that the US was poised to withdraw from the World Trade Organisation. That hasn’t happened. And it’s now unlikely to any time soon.
今年伊始，我们曾担心特朗普准备退出世贸组织(WTO)。这种情况并未发生。如今这也不太可能在短时间内发生。
But we are going to get a taste of the new world order when the WTO’s members gather for its biennial ministerial in Buenos Aires in December. It’s unclear, as always, if the WTO will be able to deliver anything of substance. But the real test lies in not having the US leading the way in discussions for the first time in the WTO’s life. Will China step in? The EU? And will India be as minded to block any deal as it has been in the past?
但是，当今年12月WTO成员国聚集在布宜诺斯艾利斯召开两年一度的部长级会议时，我们将一尝世界新秩序的味道。一如既往的是，目前尚不清楚WTO此次能否产生一些实质性内容。但真正的考验在于，WTO有史以来第一次不由美国牵头讨论。中国或欧盟会取而代之吗？印度会像过去一样一心阻挠任何协议吗？
The EU’s Americas gambits
欧盟的美洲布局
The EU is making clear it wants to use the void in US leadership on trade to nail down new trade agreements. The negotiations with the Mercosur trade bloc in Latin America have been going on in fits and starts for more than a decade. But the EU and key Mercosur members like Argentina are now pushing to conclude a deal by the end of this year. That would be a big statement planted right in the US’s backyard.
欧盟正明确表现出，它希望利用美国在贸易上领导力的空缺来敲定新的贸易协议。欧盟在拉丁美洲与南方共同市场(Mercosur)的谈判时断时续，已经进行了10多年。但欧盟和阿根廷等南方共同市场的关键成员国正推动在今年年底前达成一项协议。这将成为一项重要声明，正好杵在美国的后院内。
So too would be concluding the EU’s own (re)negotiation of its existing trade agreement with Mexico. And there is a good chance Brussels could beat Donald Trump to the finish line on a deal with Mexico.
欧盟完成与墨西哥现有贸易协议的（重新）谈判也是如此。在与墨西哥签订协议上，布鲁塞尔很可能比特朗普先冲过终点线。
Potus v Korus
美国总统vs韩美自由贸易协定
Had the North Koreans not set off another nuclear test at the weekend the big story this week on the Korean peninsula might have been the Trump administration’s odd timing in announcing its plans to pull out of a trade deal with Seoul.
要不是朝鲜再次进行核试验，朝鲜半岛眼下的大新闻可能就是特朗普选在这个节骨眼上宣布计划退出韩美贸易协定了。
As inevitably happens with all things trade in this White House a vigorous debate has erupted over the future of Korus, as the pact is known in Washington. Among the biggest opponents within the administration are the Trump security team, which thinks breaking commercial ties with an important ally in the middle of a geopolitical crisis is probably not a great idea. US business doesn’t like the idea either. Both are likely to mean at least some short-term delays in Washington carrying out any threats. But then again the politics are also volatile in Seoul. Might the new government there exercise its own right to pull out?
正如这届美国政府中一切与贸易有关的事项一样，韩美贸易协定(Korus)的未来也不可避免地引发了激烈辩论。本届政府内部强烈反对退出该协议的是特朗普安全团队，他们认为在一场地缘政治危机期间切断与重要盟友的贸易纽带很可能不是个好主意。美国企业也不支持退出。这两股力量都可能意味着美国政府至少在短期内不会发出任何威胁。但是话又说回来，首尔方面的政治局势也不稳定。韩国新政府是否可能行使自己退出协定的权利呢？
While regulators in the US fret that the pace of growth in the exchange traded fund market may be too explosive, their counterparts in Asia along with asset managers and distributors sweat over what more can be done to raise investor interest.
在美国监管机构担心交易所交易基金(ETF)市场增速可能太快的同时，他们在亚洲的同行以及资产管理公司和分销商却忙着考虑还有什么办法可以提高投资者的兴趣。
As US ETF assets under management passed the $3tn mark this summer, AUM in the Asia-Pacific industry just managed to creep over $350bn.
今年夏季，美国ETF管理的资产规模跨过3万亿美元大关，亚太ETF行业管理的资产仅成功爬上3500亿美元关口。
Between 2015 and 2016, the US market grew by 20 per cent, while the Asian market increased by just 10 per cent. There are two ways to look at the relatively modest size of the Asian ETF market compared with both the US and Europe — which is twice as big as Asia, with $716bn in ETF assets — say analysts.
从2015年至2016年，美国ETF市场增长20%，而亚洲市场仅扩大10%。分析师们表示，从两个角度可以看出亚洲ETF市场的规模不及美国和欧洲：后者的市场规模是亚洲的两倍，ETF管理的资产规模为7160亿美元。
The first is to view Asia as a market that has proved resistant to rapid development and will require significant structural and regulatory change before taking off. The second sees the possibility of sudden upside surprise.
第一种是把亚洲视作一个被证明为排斥快速发展的市场，在起飞之前需要重大结构和监管改变。第二种是看到突然出现上行惊喜的可能性。
One difficulty in assessing the potential for ETFs in Asia, say experts at the largest asset management houses, is both the disproportionate size of the Japanese market within the region and the role played by the Bank of Japan, which distorts the market as it buys ￥6tn ($54bn) of ETFs a year.
各大资产管理公司的专家们表示，评估亚洲ETF潜力的难题在于日本市场在地区所占比重过大，以及日本央行(Bank of Japan)扮演的角色过大。日本央行每年购买6万亿日元（合540亿美元）的ETF，这扭曲了市场。
With assets under management of $200bn, according to Nomura Securities, Japan’s ETF market is about $50bn larger than all other Asia-Pacific ETF markets put together. At the end of August, the market value of the BOJ’s ETF holdings was $175bn.
根据野村证券(Nomura Securities)的数据，日本ETF市场管理的资产规模为2000亿美元，比亚太其他所有ETF市场的总规模还要高出约500亿美元。8月底，日本央行持有的ETF资产的市值为1750亿美元。
Through an ETF buying programme that has been criticised by some as the “de facto nationalisation” of the Japanese stock market, the central bank indirectly holds a 10 per cent stake in some 22 large Japanese companies and about 3 per cent of the whole Japanese stock market.
通过ETF购买计划，日本央行间接持有约22家日本大企业10%的股权，并持有整个日本股市的3%左右。一些人批评称，这是对日本股市“事实上的国有化”。
Meanwhile, there are other factors holding back the Asian ETF market that some sceptics fear will hold back development of the retail side.
与此同时，还有其他因素在掣肘亚洲ETF市场，一些怀疑者担心，这些因素将阻碍散户市场的发展。
There are, for example, clear differences in the way the products are pitched to investors in the US and Asia. A high proportion — some estimate 90 per cent — of funds in Asia are commission-based. This disadvantages ETFs because they are openly traded on stock exchanges and are not structured to pay commissions to banks, brokerages or financial advisers that might recommend them, unlike the mutual fund industry in the region.
例如，美国和亚洲向投资者推介产品的方式存在明显区别。在亚洲，很大比例的基金（一些人估计为90%）是以佣金为基础。这对ETF不利，因为它们在股票交易所公开交易，在结构上不便向可能推荐它们的银行、券商或理财顾问支付佣金，这与该地区的共同基金行业不同。
A vibrant ETF market would depend on the evolution of fee-based distribution networks. Mark Talbot, managing director of Asia-Pacific at Fidelity International, says the distribution infrastructure is holding back retail demand.
活跃的ETF市场将取决于基于收费的分销网络的发展。富达国际(Fidelity International)亚太区董事总经理陶博宏(Mark Talbot)表示，分销基础设施正抑制零售需求。
“Where ETFs have grown — in the US and Europe — there is a big ecosystem of financial advisers,” he says. “You need a more advisory model. But until you see people paying for advice rather than paying for commissions, it is hard to see when it will take off.”
“在ETF壮大的地区（美国和欧洲），有一个庞大的理财顾问生态系统，”他表示，“你需要一个更加依靠顾问的模式。但在你看到人们为建议付费（而不是支付佣金）之前，很难设想它何时起飞。”
In the US, he adds, ETFs emerged into a market where there were lots of registered investment advisers incentivised to use lower-cost products for their clients.
他补充称，在美国，在ETF兴起之际，市场上有很多注册投资顾问，他们有动力为客户选用成本较低的产品。
Mr Talbot notes that regulators in Japan are encouraging fee-based sales with a new fiduciary code and other measures that will play to the low-cost appeal of ETFs.
陶博宏指出，日本监管机构正在鼓励基于收费的销售模式，出台了新的受信规则和其他措施，这些举措将会增强ETF的低成本吸引力。
Regulators in other countries will draw lessons from the success or failure of the Japanese model.
其他国家的监管机构将以日本模式的成功或失败为借鉴。
Elsewhere, Australia recently introduced reforms that have increased transparency around fund pricing, which has driven rapid growth in ETFs.
在其他地方，澳大利亚最近推出了提高基金定价透明度的改革措施，这推动了ETF的快速增长。
Marco Montanari, the head of passive asset management for Asia-Pacific at Deutsche AM, agrees that fundamental changes to distribution must be made before the Asian ETF market can move to the next level.
德银资产管理公司(Deutsche AM)亚太区被动型资产管理部门主管马尔科?蒙塔纳里(Marco Montanari)也认为，在亚洲ETF市场迈向更高台阶之前，必须从根本上改革分销制度。
“Australia stands out as a market that boomed when reform allowed it to switch from a commission-based model to a fee-based one,” says Mr Montanari. “This would be a game changer in Asia.”
蒙塔纳里表示：“澳大利亚表现突出，它在从佣金模式转为收费模式后蓬勃发展。这将是一件改变亚洲ETF市场游戏规则的事情。”
Susan Chan, head of iShares Asia-Pacific at BlackRock, says ETFs are more popular among institutional investors in the region.
贝莱德(BlackRock)的iShares亚太区主管陈蕙兰(Susan Chan)表示，ETF更受该地区机构投资者的欢迎。
The retail side, she says, “is nascent and a mixed bag”. All countries in the region have a lot of work to do, she says, adding the Australian example has proven that regulatory changes can make a significant difference to generating pockets of interest.
她说，零售业务“起步不久，好坏参半”。她表示，亚太所有国家都有大量工作要做，并补充称，澳大利亚的事例证明，就吸引散户兴趣而言，监管改变可以带来显著不同。
“All the regulatory bodies are looking to do this and more transparency is always welcome. But whether they get there is different,” she says. “Regulators talk about more transparency and lower fees but very little in terms of law.”
她说：“所有监管机构都在考虑这么做，提高透明度始终是可喜的。但能否做到则是另一回事。监管机构谈论提高透明度并降低费用，但在立法方面没什么进展。”
Even if Asian countries introduced regulation similar to that of thriving ETF markets elsewhere in the world, there are other hurdles. Mr Montanari says, for example, that most products presented to Asian investors relate to equities in their domestic market so the ETFs are not being used to give investors local exposure to foreign markets.
即便亚洲国家推出了在其他国家推动ETF市场蓬勃发展的监管措施，也仍存在其他障碍。例如，蒙塔纳里表示，提供给亚洲投资者的产品大多与国内市场的股票挂钩，因此ETF没有被用来让投资者在国内投资于外国市场。
Yan Pu, head of portfolio review in Asia at Vanguard, suspects the Asian product mix may be holding things back. For example, Asian providers offer plenty of equity ETFs but very few fixed income products. In the US, she notes, fixed income ETFs are growing rapidly.
先锋(Vanguard)的亚洲投资组合审查主管Yan Pu怀疑，亚洲的产品结构可能阻碍了ETF的发展。例如，亚洲ETF公司提供大量的股票ETF产品，但很少有固定收益产品。她指出，在美国，固定收益ETF增长迅速。
She argues, however, that the problems with lower liquidity of ETFs in Asia are a symptom of a fund distribution system that fails to incentivise ETF sales by intermediaries. “I don't think there is a quick fix, but you would see a pick-up if Asia moves to a fee-based model,” she says.
然而，她辩称，亚洲ETF流动性较低的问题反映了基金分销体系未能激励中介销售ETF。她说：“我认为没有快速的解决办法，但如果亚洲转向收费模式，会出现起色。”
The companies that have tried — and so far failed — to create a sustained ETF boom in Asia say the need for wholesale reform suggests the market will be defined by a protracted effort to convince both the regulators and customers to redraw the scenery.
试图推动亚洲ETF持续繁荣但迄今未获成功的公司表示，有必要从根本上改革似乎表明，市场将由说服监管机构和客户重塑行业格局的长期努力定义。
But that may be overly pessimistic, says Mr Talbot. “Things in Asia do have a habit of moving faster than we think,” he says.
陶博宏表示，这可能过于悲观了。他说：“亚洲的情况往往比我们想象的更快变化。”
Opinion: China’s Commercial Aerospace Dream Edges Closer To Reality
观点：中国商业航天梦即将成为现实
China’s commercial aerospace ambition has long been known, but a few recent milestones are bringing it closer to realization.
众所周知中国一直在雄心勃勃地推进航天商业化，最近中国取得的进展正在将这一梦想转为现实。
Since the establishment of Avic 1 and Avic 2 in 1999, which really marked the beginning of China’s push into the commercial aerospace market, there has been no doubt about China’s intent and the direction it wants its industry to take. But the pace at which it would achieve this ambition was less uncertain. Almost 20 years on, things have become much more clear, and there is now little doubt that China is well on its way to succeeding where several other countries have failed in becoming a full-fledged player in the large commercial aircraft manufacturing sector, with the potential to disrupt the long-standing duopoly of Airbus and Boeing.
1999年中国航空工业第一、第二集团公司（之后两者合并为中国航空工业集团公司）的成立标志着中国开始进军商业航天领域，显示了中国迈向这一行业的绝心与意志。但实现这一雄心的脚步并不那么平坦。20年之后毫无疑问中国已经成为了大型商用航天领域的成熟玩家，将其他几国远远甩在身后，并有望打破空客和波音的长期垄断。
To be fair though, no other country has ever had China’s assets: a stable government with an unequivocal, long-term financial and strategic commitment and a huge domestic—hence mostly captive—market. According to market forecasts, China’s domestic air traffic is expected to almost quadruple between now and 2036 to reach 1.6 billion passengers, which will be more than twice the U.S.’s domestic traffic by 2036.
实话说没有其他国家能拥有中国那样的优厚研究条件：一个有着长期明确财政支持和庞大国内市场的政府——尽管大部分市场并不自由。市场预计中国国内航空市场将在当前基础上翻四倍，到2036年乘客总数将两倍于美国，达到16亿人次。
And while there is still a long way to go before airplanes designed and made in China compete on the world stage with the likes of the Boeing 737 or Airbus A320, the momentum is there, and the country’s aerospace industry is entering a new phase of development and maturity.
尽管中国在设计制造能与波音737或空客A320媲美的大飞机上仍有很长的路要走，但发展趋势很显著。中国航空工业正走向一个崭新的发展阶段并不断迈向成熟。The first flight of the Comac C919. Credit: Comac
Most observers would think the single-aisle Comac C919’s first flight last May (pictured) is illustrative of this, but while it is a key milestone, it does not represent the whole story about what is happening in the industry. Two other events are much more telling.
大多数观察家认为去年五月首飞的单过道C919就是图中这架飞机。尽管这是一项突破性进展，但它并不能完全代表中国航空工业的发展。其他两个例子更有说服力。
The first is the establishment of the Aero Engine Corp. of China (AECC) last year, which consolidates Chinese aero-engine know-how and capabilities, indicating that the indigenous development of aircraft engines is now a strategic priority for China. This focus is even more striking when one realizes that China now has access to rhenium, a rare metal that helps create strong superalloys necessary for the manufacture of high-pressure jet engine turbine blades. Since the 2010 discovery in the Shaanxi province of reserves, which account for 7% of the world’s total, considerable effort has been made to exploit and process this metal. Moreover, a major technological milestone was recently achieved that opens the door for mass production of single-crystal turbine blades, a key component of modern jet engines. It is thus no surprise that one of the cornerstones of the newly established joint Sino-Russian widebody aircraft program is the development of a dedicated, state-of-the-art engine.
一，中国航空发动机集团的成立。去年集团公司通过研发提高了国产发动机的技术水平与续航能力，表明自主开发飞机发动机仍是当前中国的战略重点。当中国获得了铼，一种制造高压喷气发动机涡轮叶片的必须合金材料之后，这一决心更加显著。2010年在陕西发现占世界总储量7%的铼矿后，中国已投入相当大的精力开采并应用这一金属。此外，现代喷气发动机的关键部件——大规模单晶涡轮叶片制造技术也取得了重大突破。新成立的中俄宽体客机项目至此有望用上国产发动机。
The second event of note is Comac’s latest round of financing—it raised 15 billion yuan ($2.3 billion) last month in the form of a 10-year debt investment plan—combined with the memorandum of understanding (MOU) signed in June by Airbus and the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC). The financing and MOU are intended to help bring about a fully developed, competitive domestic supply chain, the former through the injection of research and development money down the supply chain and the latter through the integration of Chinese suppliers in Airbus’s global supply network. The objective, as outlined in the “Made in China 2025” plan, is for Chinese suppliers to provide 80% of all parts by 2025.
二，7月与空客和国家发改委签署谅解备忘录后，上月份商飞以一份十年期债务投资计划成功融资150亿人民币。融资和签署备忘录旨在帮助形成一个成熟的、有竞争力的国内供应链，前者通过注入研发资金，后者通过整合中国供应商在空中客车的全球供应网络。“中国制造2015”计划中提到，到2025年中国供应商有望能提供80%的飞机零部件。
Taken together, these events and strategic initiatives highlight the Chinese aerospace industry’s realization that, in order to become a globally competitive player, it will need depth as much as breadth. After getting their hands on both ends of the value chain—aircraft design and final assembly—the Chinese now understand that what will make or break their industry over the long term is what happens in the middle of the value chain, at the component and subsystem levels. And that is why China’s ambition to compete with Boeing and Airbus, as well as with GE and Rolls-Royce for aircraft engines, is now more credible than ever.
综合考虑，这些事实与战略规划凸显了中国航天工业的认知——为了成为有竞争力的全球飞机制造商，中国需要拓宽行业的广度与深度。在他们掌握了价值链的两端——飞机设计与集成组装后，中国意识到长期处于价值链中游的组装和子系统地位将摧毁他们的航空业。这就是为什么中国雄心勃勃地与波音、空客等飞机制造商以及美国通用电气公司、劳斯莱斯等发动制造商竞争，形式前所未有地激烈。
By investing deep in the industrial fabric of the country, from the coastal cities of Tianjin and Shanghai to the new industrial frontiers of the Western provinces of Shaanxi and Sichuan, from the processing of rare metals to the manufacturing and assembly of complex aircraft parts, China is adding substance to formand showing the world that, as far as its commercial aerospace achievements are concerned, the best is yet to come.
通过投资深化该国工业结构，从传统沿海城市天津和上海到最近崛起的西部工业城市陕西和四川，从稀有金属开采加工到复杂飞机部件的制造组装，中国正在为该行业添砖加瓦，并向世界展示就其商业航天行业而言最好的时刻尚未到来。
Contributing columnist Antoine Gelain is the managing director of Paragon European Partners. He is based in London.
特约专栏作家安东尼·盖尔恩是Paragon欧洲合作伙伴的常务董事。目前位于伦敦。
1. Bottoms Up Beer System
倒灌啤酒机
Bottoms Up is the revolutionary new way to serve beer. The Bottoms Up system saves time, eliminates waste and awes customers!
倒灌啤酒机是倒啤酒的一种革命性创新方式，节省时间，减少浪费，也令顾客啧啧称奇。
It pours the perfect pint from the bottom of the glass.
这个啤酒机能从下往上倒着灌满一杯好酒。
When a cup is placed on a dispenser, a magnet lifts to let beer flow in.
您只需把杯子放到啤酒机上，杯底磁铁就会自动抬高，让啤酒流进杯子里。
When the cup is lifted and removed from the dispenser, the magnet seals the bottom and the drink is ready to be enjoyed.
当啤酒杯抬高，从啤酒机挪开，杯底磁铁会封住杯底，您就可以取走啤酒享用了。
It can free up bartenders so they can make more drinks when it's busy.
这样生意繁忙时，调酒师就能腾出手来多做几杯酒。
2. The Hammocraft
吊床架
This frame lets you hang your hammock anywhere. You can use it on the water. Snow. On the road.
有了这个支架，吊床随处都能搭。可以搭在水上、雪上、公路上。
Inventors Bryan Carpenter and Bland Hoke were inspired by their passion for the outdoors, and decided to come up with a creative way to bring their hammocks everywhere they go.
设计师布莱恩-卡朋特和布兰德-霍克因为酷爱户外运动而受到启发，决定想出一种创意方式，能够随处搭吊床。
The frame is easily assembled and attaches to paddle boards, kayaks, and rafts.
吊床架组装方便，可以架在桨板、橡皮船和皮筏上。
3. Piggyback Rider
骑行背带
For parents, it is always a struggle to carry their children all day long, especially when they’re getting bigger and heavier.
对家长而言，整天抱着孩子非常费劲，尤其是孩子越来越大、越来越重的时候。
Piggyback riders are designed especially for small children and toddlers, to lessen the parents’ struggles.
骑行背带是专为小宝宝设计的，以减轻家长的负担。
It replaces strollers and big backpack carriers that might even make it heavier or cumbersome for you to take your children out.
骑行背带可以取代折叠式婴儿车和大背带，带孩子外出时携带这些物件常让家长感觉更加笨重麻烦。
It makes piggybacks more comfortable.
用这个背带背孩子更加方便舒适。
It shifts your kid's weight to your shoulders and core instead of your back.
它把孩子的重量从您的后背转移到肩膀和腰腹部。
4. Fruit Mold
水果模子
These molds turn regular fruits into fun shapes.
这些模子能让普通水果长出有趣的形状。
The fruit is placed into the mold when it's young and undeveloped.
我们将尚未生长成型的水果放进模子里。
It grows naturally into the mold's shape.
它会自然生长成模子的形状。
Are Some Molds Dangerous?
有些模子对人体危险？
Yes, some molds cause allergic reactions and respiratory problems. And a few molds, in the right conditions, produce "mycotoxins," poisonous substances that can make you sick.
是的，一些模子会导致过敏反应和呼吸道症状。还有些模子在一些条件下会产生“霉菌毒素”，生成致病的有毒物质。
5.Paperpot Transplanter
纸筒插秧机
It can transport rows of seedlings in minutes. And can reduce planting time by 88 percent.
这种插秧机只需几分钟便能种植数排幼苗。可节省88%的种植时间。
The paperpot transplanter allows a single person to transplant 264 plants covering over 85ft in just minutes. What used to take hours, now takes minutes. Allowing you to spend less time transplanting crops, and more time doing other things like farm improvements, marketing, sales, or just taking some time off.
纸筒插秧机可以让一名使用者在几分钟内在85英尺（约合26米）长的一块田地里种植264棵幼苗。这在以前通常耗时数小时，如今只需几分钟。使用者在种植农作物上花费的时间更少，可以节省出更多的时间做其他的事，比如农田改进、市场销售、或者干脆休息休息。
6. Bubloon
泡沫气球
Bubloons are a hybrid between bubbles and balloons.
泡沫气球是泡泡和气球的混合体。
Special machines pump helium gas into the bubble solution.
有专门的机器将氦气打入制作泡沫的溶液中。
The helium pushes the foam upwards through a stencil.
被氦气顶起来的泡沫穿过图形模板。
Swipe them free and they'll soar into the sky.
您只需轻轻一挥将它们放飞，泡沫气球就会自己飘向空中。
7. MonPère
旅行枕
It's a travel pillow that bends to support your head in any position.
这种旅行枕可以随意弯曲变形，您的头怎么放都行。
It's lightweight and rolls up easily for travel.
它轻便易折叠，适合携带出行。
Simply bend one end of the product around yourself or the back of your seat and bend the other end into a secure position for your head. You can even use the hand to hold your device for movie time.
把产品的一端贴合身体部位弯曲，或者绕在座椅靠背上，另一端弯曲成能保护头部安全的造型。旅客还可以用旅行枕的手状设计放置电子设备看电影。
8. Pour-Protection by Pet Life
宠物保护伞
Umbrellas for dogs are having a moment. They’re cute and funny, but also practical.
狗狗雨伞正流行。可爱又有趣的，也非常实用。
This umbrella protects your dogs from the sun and rain.
这把小伞保护您的狗狗免受日晒雨淋。
A chain connects the umbrella to a collar or harness.
伞上的链子可以系在狗狗的项圈或背带上。
China’s handling of its state reserves of raw materials such as cotton and sugar will be a key factor shaping the direction of agricultural commodities in 2017, according to a major lender to agribusinesses.
一家贷款给农业企业的大型银行称，中国对棉花和糖等原材料官方储备的处置，将成为影响2017年大宗农产品走势的一个关键因素。
China is the most striking wild card that will drive agricultural markets, said Stefan Vogel, head of agri commodity markets at Rabobank,
荷兰合作银行(Rabobank)大宗农产品市场主管斯特凡.沃热尔(Stefan Vogel)表示，中国是推动农产品市场的最引人注目的变数。
the Dutch lender that is a leading financier to farmers and agribusinesses around the world.
荷兰合作银行是面向全球农户和农业企业的领先融资机构。
Any decision by China’s policymakers to begin selling down the country’s huge reserves would have a large impact on markets.
中国政策制定者的任何开始减持国内巨额储备的决定，都将对市场产生巨大影响。
Whether China opens the stock floodgates or not will be a major price-driver in cotton and sugar — and potentially also in corn, soyabean or vegetable oil — markets in 2017, the bank said in its report.
该银行在其报告中称：中国是否减持库存将成为2017年棉花和糖市场的主要价格推动因素，玉米、大豆或植物油可能也是如此。
Beijing is looking to unload excess reserves built up under the government’s subsidy policy.
中国正考虑出售在政府补贴政策下累积的过剩储备。
It set minimum prices too high for commodities including cotton, sugar and corn, and as those prices diverged from the market prices, authorities encouraged excessive production as well as strong import flows.
中国为包括棉花、糖和玉米在内的大宗商品设置的最低价格过高，当这些价格偏离市场价格时，政府鼓励了过度生产以及强劲的进口。
Agricultural raw materials, especially the so called soft commodities such as sugar, coffee and cotton, have been among the top performers this year.
农业原材料，特别是所谓的软性大宗商品，例如糖、咖啡和棉花，今年的表现在最佳之列。
The Bloomberg soft commodities index has gained 21 per cent, compared with 24 per cent for industrial metals and 1.5 per cent for energy.
彭博(Bloomberg)软性大宗商品指数上涨21%，工业金属和能源指数则分别上涨24%和1.5%。
Grains have fallen about 3 per cent.
粮食指数下滑约3%。
On the US, Rabobank said it was cautious on the outlook following the election as president this month of Donald Trump.
荷兰合作银行表示，在本月唐纳德.特朗普(Donald Trump)当选美国总统后，该行对美国的前景持谨慎态度。
The US president-elect has pledged to abandon trade agreements which could have wide-reaching effects on American imports and exports of commodities if trade agreements are revised.
这位当选总统承诺废除贸易协议：如果这些贸易协议被修订，可能会对美国大宗商品的进口和出口造成广泛影响。
Speculative trading of agricultural commodities has been a feature of the markets’ volatility in 2016, and Rabobank expects the trend to continue.
大宗农产品投机交易一直是今年市场波动的一个特点，荷兰合作银行预测，这种趋势将继续。
With interest rates expected to rise only slowly, commodities are likely to attract hedge funds and other speculative investors looking for juicier returns, said the bank.
该银行表示，由于利率只会缓慢上行，大宗商品可能会吸引那些寻找更高收益率的对冲基金和其他投机客。
It predicts index funds, or those that track commodities indices, to be back in the agricultural market in the second half of 2017, as they look for a hedge against inflation.
该银行预测，寻找对冲通胀的方式的指数基金（那些追踪大宗商品指数的基金），将在明年下半年回归农产品市场。
Volatility in currency markets is also likely to be a factor for agricultural commodity prices in the next 12 months, with the euro likely to depreciate as a result of French, Dutch and German elections, Rabobank reckons.
荷兰合作银行认为，外汇市场波动性也可能会成为影响未来12个月大宗农产品价格的因素，法国、荷兰和德国大选可能会导致欧元贬值。
Currency movements have had a strong impact on agricultural commodity prices this year, with the UK’s referendum on the EU leading to a sharp fall in the pound that pushed up the price of food imports and boosted agricultural exports.
汇率走势今年已对大宗农产品价格产生有力影响，英国退欧公投曾导致英镑汇率重挫，这推升了英国食品进口价格并提振了农产品出口。
By contrast, the strengthening of the Brazilian real helped the surge in coffee and sugar prices as the country is the largest producer of both.
相比之下，巴西雷亚尔升值促使咖啡和糖价格飙升，因为该国是这两种商品的最大生产国。
In terms of individual commodities, coffee prices, which are trading at about $1.62 a pound, are expected to decline significantly, with an especially bearish outlook on arabica coffee.
从单个大宗商品来看，预计咖啡价格将大幅下跌，目前为1磅1.62美元左右，投资者对阿拉比卡咖啡前景尤为悲观。
As consumers in developing countries continue to shift to meat-based diets, grains and oilseeds used as livestock feed are expected to see support.
随着发展中国家消费者继续转向以肉为主的饮食，预计用作牲畜饲料的粮食和油籽将找到支撑。
Soyabeans which are trading above $10 a bushel are expected to remain strong, while dairy prices are also expected to rise during 2017 as demand steadily increases, said the bank.
荷兰合作银行表示，预计大豆价格将保持强劲，目前在1蒲式耳10美元上方，同时由于需求稳定上升，预计奶制品价格明年也将上涨。
Moonlight, an evocative coming of age story about a young gay black man, won best picture at the 2017 Oscars but was almost denied its victory in chaotic scenes when the award was mistakenly given to La La Land.
一部富有感染力的、描写一名年轻黑人男同性恋成长故事的影片《月光男孩》(Moonlight)，获得2017年奥斯卡(Oscar)最佳影片奖。不过，该片险些与此奖项擦肩而过，原因是在混乱的颁奖现场，此奖项曾被误颁给了《爱乐之城》(La La Land)。
At the end of a politically charged ceremony in which Donald Trump was the subject of frequent jokes by host Jimmy Kimmel, Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway announced that La La Land had won. But as the producers and cast of Damien Chazelle’s modern musical were on stage giving emotional thank you speeches, they were told that Moonlight was the real winner.
在这场充满政治色彩的颁奖典礼——唐纳德?特朗普(Donald Trump)屡次成为主持人吉米?基梅尔(Jimmy Kimmel)打趣的对象——的末尾，沃伦?比蒂(Warren Beatty)和费?唐纳薇(Faye Dunaway)宣布《爱乐之城》赢得此奖项。然而，就在这部达米安?沙泽勒(Damien Chazelle)编导的现代音乐片的制作人员和演员登上舞台、激动地发表致谢演说时，他们却被告知《月光男孩》才是真正的获奖者。
PwC, the accountancy firm that has been responsible for counting Oscars votes for 80 years and ensuring that the correct envelopes are handed to presenters, swiftly apologised to the films, the presenters and the audience for giving the prize announcement for the wrong category to Beatty and Dunaway.
80年来，普华永道(PwC)一直负责奥斯卡奖的计票工作并确保将正确的信封交给颁奖嘉宾。这家会计师事务所很快向两部影片、颁奖嘉宾和观众作出了道歉，因为它交给比蒂和唐纳薇的颁奖通告不是关于这个奖项的。
“We sincerely apologize to Moonlight, La La Land, Warren Beatty, Faye Dunaway, and Oscar viewers for the error that was made during the award announcement for Best Picture. The presenters had mistakenly been given the wrong category envelope and when discovered, was immediately corrected.”
“我们为最佳影片奖颁奖通告期间出现的失误，向《月光男孩》、《爱乐之城》、沃伦?比蒂、费?唐纳薇、以及奥斯卡奖观众表示诚挚地道歉。颁奖嘉宾收到的是错误奖项的信封，这个失误一经发现立刻得到了纠正。”
“We are currently investigating how this could have happened, and deeply regret that this occurred,” PwC said. “We appreciate the grace with which the nominees, the Academy, ABC, and Jimmy Kimmel handled the situation.”
普华永道表示：“我们目前正在调查如何能发生这样的事，并对发生此事深感遗憾。被提名人、电影艺术与科学学院(the Academy)、美国广播公司(ABC)、以及吉米?基梅尔对这一情况处置得体，我们表示感谢。”
Chazelle’s musical was the hot favourite going into the evening, with a record-tying 14 nominations. Chazelle won the best director award, while Emma Stone won best actress for her performance in the film, which was produced by Lionsgate. There were other La La Land Oscars for score and best original song.
沙泽勒编导的音乐片《爱乐之城》是当晚的得奖热门，所获14项提名平了奥斯卡史上的纪录。沙泽勒获得最佳导演奖。而埃玛?斯通(Emma Stone)凭借她在这部由狮门娱乐(Lionsgate)制作的影片中的表演，赢得了最佳女主角奖。此外，《爱乐之城》还获得了最佳配乐和最佳原创歌曲奖。
But Moonlight kept pace with it over the course of a marathon four-hour ceremony. Barry Jenkins and Tarell Alvin McCraney won best adapted screenplay, while Mahershala Ali won best supporting actor — the first Oscar for a Muslim American actor.
不过，在长达四小时的马拉松般的颁奖典礼中，《月光男孩》所获奖项一度与《爱乐之城》并驾齐驱。巴里?詹金斯（Barry Jenkins，文首图中）和塔雷尔?阿尔文?麦克拉尼（Tarell Alvin McCraney，文首图右）获得了最佳改编剧本奖。马赫沙拉?阿里(Mahershala Ali)获得最佳男配角奖，这是美国穆斯林男演员首位获得奥斯卡奖。
This year's new college grads entering the workforce are being offered an average monthly salary of 4,014 yuan ($582), and about one-third of them chose to work in first-tier cities, according to survey results released by zhaopin.com, a Chinese online recruitment service provider.
据中国在线招聘服务平台智联招聘发布的一项调查显示，2017年应届大学毕业生平均签约月薪为4014元（582美元），签约在一线城市的应届毕业生约占三成。
Zhaopin.com received 93,420 effective samples for the survey, which covered new grads completing higher vocational, undergraduate, master's or doctoral programs.
本次问卷调查的主要对象为中国高校2017年应届毕业生，包括大专、本科、硕士及博士等，智联招聘最终收回有效样本93420份。
The survey found the majority of grads, or 73.5 percent, have found jobs, while the number of students set to continue their studies in China accounted for just 6.3 percent, sharply down from 16.5 percent in 2016.
调查显示，2017年应届毕业生的就业意向仍然以就业为主，占比为73.5%。相较去年，选择在国内继续学习的学生比例出现大幅下降，由2016年的16.5%下降至今年的6.3%。
The number of students who will study abroad after graduation has also seen a drop, down from 4.8 percent last year to 3.4 percent.
选择出国继续学习的学生比例也出现小幅下降，由去年的4.8%下降至3.4%。
About 9.8 percent of the graduates are opting for "slow employment", meaning they will spend some time traveling, staying with their parents or waiting for opportunities to start up a business before figuring out their future plans, according to the survey.
调查结果显示，今年大约有9.8%的应届毕业生选择“慢就业”。所谓的“慢就业”是指一些毕业生不着急就业，而是选择旅游、在家陪父母以及继续等待机会自主创业等方式，慢慢考虑人生道路的现象。
Those born after 1995 tend to make more varied choices and are likely to combine work with their hobbies.
95后对就业的选择更加多元化，也更加青睐工作与兴趣相结合。
The average monthly salaries for grads in law, engineering and medical majors are 5,545, 4,512 and 4,500 yuan respectively, slightly down from last year, while graduates with educational and agricultural majors are offered lower pay, at 3,258 and 3,184 yuan respectively.
法学、工学、医学的毕业生签约月薪较高，平均值分别是5545元、4512元、4500元，同去年相比略有下降，而教育学、农学的毕业生签约月薪偏低，分别为3258元和3184元。
IT/communications/electronics/Internet offer new graduates the highest pay at 4,867 yuan a month on average, but that's down 826 yuan from last year's level. Finance and transport/logistics/warehousing come second, offering average monthly salaries of 4,692 and 4,457 yuan respectively.
IT/通信/电子/互联网行业的应届生签约最高月薪为4867元，同比去年下降826元；紧随其后的是金融业和交通/运输/物流/仓储行业，平均签约月薪分别是4692元和4457元。
Agriculture/forestry/husbandry/fishery and the service industry offer the lowest pay to new grads, at 3,347 and 3,115 yuan a month on average.
农林牧渔和服务业是应届毕业生签约行业中薪资水平较低的行业，月薪分别为3347元和3115元。
British business schools make up ground on their French counterparts in the revamped Financial Times ranking of masters in management degrees.
在最新发布的英国《金融时报》管理学硕士(MiM)排行榜中，英国商学院有所进步，而法国商学院有所退步。
While Switzerland’s University of St Gallen retains the top spot, French and British business schools, with 24 and 18 programmes respectively, are the backbone of the 2017 FT ranking of 95 programmes around the world. More than half of UK schools move up the ranking, compared with one in France. A third of British schools rise five places, in contrast to the two-thirds of French schools that drop five or more places.
在2017年FT对全球95个管理学硕士项目的排行中，虽然瑞士圣加仑大学(University of St Gallen)继续蝉联冠军，但法国和英国商学院分别以24个和18个项目入围成为中坚力量。超过一半的英国商学院排名上升，而只有一家法国商学院排名上升。三分之一的英国商学院排名上升5位，相比之下，三分之二的法国商学院排名下降5位或更多。
In the most significant change in methodology since this ranking was first published in 2005, the FT now collects information about alumni’s first jobs after graduation. These data are used in conjunction with information about their current jobs, three years later. This allows the FT to calculate their salary increase since graduation — a new ranking criterion — as well as their career progress (see methodology).
自2005年首次发布这一排行榜以来的一项最重大计算方法变化是，FT现在收集校友毕业后首份工作的信息。这些数据与他们当前的工作（毕业三年后）的信息一起使用。这使得FT可以计算出他们自毕业以来的工资增长（一个新的排名指标）以及他们的职业发展。
British schools outperform the French on both new criteria. Warwick Business School, the top UK school for career progress, is second overall for the criterion, 30 places above the first French school, HEC Paris. Alumni from UK schools also see a higher increase between their first salary after graduation and now, at 62 per cent versus 45 per cent. However, UK school alumni still have a lower salary on average than their counterparts who studied in France, at $55,000 versus $64,000.
在这两个新指标方面，英国商学院的表现都优于法国商学院。在职业发展方面表现最好的英国商学院——华威商学院(Warwick Business School)在这一指标的总体排名中位居第二，高于法国在这方面表现最好的巴黎高等商学院(HEC Paris) 30个名次。在毕业后首份工作薪资与当下薪资比较方面，英国商学院校友的薪资增幅更大，为62%，法国商学院校友的薪资增幅为45%。然而，英国商学院校友的平均薪资仍低于与法国商学院校友，分别为5.5万美元和6.4万美元。
The University of St Gallen remains top overall, the seventh consecutive year that the Swiss school’s MA in Strategy and International Management has headed the ranking. HEC Paris stays in second place, a position it has held since 2014, while Spain’s IE Business School jumps four places to third.
圣加伦大学在总排名上仍居榜首，这是这家瑞士商学院的战略及国际管理硕士项目连续第七年夺冠。巴黎高等商学院连续第四年屈居亚军，西班牙IE商学院(IE Business School)的排名上升四位，至第三。
St Gallen outperforms other ranked schools thanks in part to strong scores for international criteria. More than 90 per cent of students and 80 per cent of faculty are from abroad. The school is also ranked second for both the international mobility of its students and their international exposure during the programme.
圣加伦大学的表现优于上榜的其他商学院，这部分应归功于该校在国际指标上的高分。该校逾90%的学员和80%的教师来自海外。在项目期间学员国际流动性和国际交流方面，圣加伦大学都排名第二。
“I?.?.?.?learnt to interact with people from other cultures and other places in society,” noted one Swedish graduate.
“我……学会了与来自其他文化及社会的人们进行互动，”一位来自瑞典的毕业生说。
Alumni from the Swiss school also have the third-highest salary, at $114,449, adjusted for purchasing power parity, behind those from the Indian Institute of Management at Ahmedabad, on $116,476, and IIM Bangalore, on $116,094. St Gallen is also top for the quality of its careers service.
圣加伦大学校友的薪资排名第三，为114449美元（按购买力平价调整后），排在艾哈迈达巴德的印度管理学院(Indian Institute of Management)和印度管理学院班加罗尔分校(IIM Bangalore)之后，这两所商学院校友的平均薪资分别为116476美元和116094美元。圣加伦大学还在职业服务质量方面排名第一。
The ranking of 95 schools, up from 90 last year, includes nine institutions, from seven countries, that were ranked for the first time. Frankfurt School of Finance and Management in 41st place is the year’s highest new entrant. The German school has one of the most gender-balanced programmes, with women accounting for 49 per cent of students.
此次涵盖95个项目（去年为90个）的排行榜中，来自7个国家的9所院校为首次进入榜单。排名第41位的法兰克福金融管理学院(Frankfurt School of Finance & Management)是今年排名最高的新入榜者。这家德国学院拥有性别比例最平衡的项目之一，女性占学员总数的49%。
The Cems masters in management, the international programme provided through a network of 30 business schools, is ninth, down five places from 2015, when it was last ranked.
欧洲管理学院协会(Cems)管理硕士项目——由30家商学院联合提供的国际项目——排名第九，比2015年下滑五名。该项目上一次上榜是在2015年。
Lee Kong Chian School of Business at the University of Singapore, in 76th place overall, is the first Singaporean business school to enter this ranking, which includes seven Asian institutions. Its alumni are by far the most internationally mobile among this group. They are ranked 25th for mobility, 57 places ahead of the next most mobile alumni, those from the National Sun Yat-Sen University in Taiwan.
总排名76位的新加坡管理大学(Singapore Management University)李光前商学院(Lee Kong Chian School of Business)是首家进入这一排行榜的新加坡商学院。今年共7家亚洲商学院上榜。李光前商学院校友在亚洲商学院中最具国际流动性。他们在流动性指标方面排名第25，比在亚洲商学院中流动性排第二的台湾国立中山大学(National Sun Yat-Sen University)高57位。
The joint programme delivered by IQS of Spain, Fu Jen Catholic University in Taiwan and the University of San Francisco saw the biggest rise. Its Master in Global Entrepreneurship Management jumps 34 places to 43rd, making up for a drop of 19 places the previous year. The only programme to be delivered on three continents, it is ranked top for international course experience.
由西班牙IQS商学院、台湾辅仁大学(Fu Jen Catholic University)和旧金山大学(University of San Francisco)三家合办的管理学硕士项目排名升幅最大。其全球创业管理硕士项目的排名上升34位，至第43位，逆转了去年下滑19名的势头。这是唯一一个在三大洲授课的项目，其在国际课程体验方面排名第一。
PBS' 'Vietnam War' series receives a special award.
PBS的"越南战争"赢得美国电影学会颁发的特别奖。
The American Film Institute has picked its 10 best movies and TV shows of the year. The titles, presented in alphabetical order, are works AFI's juries have determined advance the art of the moving image, enhance the cultural heritage of America's art form, inspire audiences and artists and make a mark on American society.
美国电影学会选出了十部本年度最佳电影和电视剧。这些影片排名按字母表顺序排列，美国电影学院评审团选出这些影片的标准是促进了活动图像的艺术化、提升了美国艺术形式文化遗产的魅力、对观众和艺术者有所启发、在美国社会上占有一席之地。
"At a time when the world seems defined by division, storytellers bring us together as one," AFI president and CEO Bob Gazzale said Thursday in a statement. "AFI Awards is honored to celebrate this community of artists who challenge and inspire us, entertain and enlighten us - ultimately reminding us of our common heartbeat."
"某时，世界呈现给我们是相互分隔的，但是这些电影和电视作品让我们感觉世界是相通的，"美国电影学院的总裁兼首席执行官Bob Gazzale如是说。"美国电影学院奖表彰这些电影艺术家们，勇于挑战，让我们受到鼓舞，娱乐，又励志，最后让我们意识到，我们都有着同样的心跳，"
This year's juries were chaired by AFI board of trustees vice chairs Tom Pollock (for film) and Richard Frank (for TV). Other jury members included Judd Apatow, Halle Berry, Jamie Lee Curtis, Leonard Maltin, authors and scholars representing prestigious universities with recognized motion picture arts and TV programs and film and TV critics from media outlets like NPR, Rolling Stone, TV Guide and The Washington Post.
今年由美国电影学会的电影评审总监是Tom Pollock，担任电视剧评审总监的是Richard Frank。评审团的其他成员还包括Judd Apatow, Halle Berry, Jamie Lee Curtis, Leonard Maltin,来自知名大学的著作家，学者，公认的电影艺术家，还有像媒体NPR,Rolling Stone, TV Guide, 华盛顿邮报对于电视电影的评论家们。
Two years ago, the AFI delayed voting on its year-end list to give critics a chance to see Star Wars: The Force Awakens, which it subsequently included on its list of the 10 best films of 2015. However, this year, the latest Star Wars film, The Last Jedi, which hits theaters on Dec. 15, was nowhere to be found on AFI's list.
两年前，美国电影学院特地延迟了年终投票的时间，就为了电影星球大战:原力觉醒能够参选，后来该电影进入了2015榜单前十。然而今年最新的《星际大战：最后的绝地武士》，将于12月15日上映，无缘上榜。
The full list of this year's honorees follows.
今年的获奖榜单如下：
AFI Movies of the Year
美国电影学会年度电影奖
The Big Sick
大病
Call Me by Your Name
《请以你的名字呼唤我 》
Dunkirk
《敦刻尔克》
The Florida Project
《 佛罗里达乐园》
Get Out
《逃出绝命镇》
Lady Bird
《伯德小姐》
The Post
《the Post》
The Shape of Water
《水形物语》
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
《三块广告牌》
Wonder Woman
《神奇女侠》
AFI TV Programs of the Year
美国电影学会年度电视剧奖
Big Little Lies
《小谎大事》
The Crown
《王冠》
Feud: Bette and Joan
《宿敌:贝蒂和琼》
Game of Thrones
《权力的游戏》
The Good Place
《善地》
The Handmaid's Tale
《使女的故事》
Insecure
《不安感》
Master of None
《无为大师》
Stranger Things 2
《怪奇物语2》
This is Us
《我们这一天/我们的生活》
The Great American Eclipse
横跨全美的大日食
We learned that nothing brings people together like the sun hiding behind the moon.
没有什么事情能像太阳躲在月亮后面那样，把人们聚集在一起。
On Aug 21, the country came to a pause as millions of Americans — even the president — put on eclipse glasses and stopped to take in the first eclipse to cross the United States since 1918. Its path across the United States was a scientific bonanza for astronomers who were able to more easily point advanced equipment at the sun.
8月21日，数百万美国人，甚至连总统都暂时放下眼前的事，带上日食眼镜，停下来观看自1918年以来首次横跨美国全境的日食。对于天文学家来说，这次日食是科学界的一大幸事，他们能更轻松地将先进设备对准太阳。
What Separates Wolves From Dogs
狼和狗有何不同？
We learned that you can never turn a wolf into a pet dog.
你永远都不能把一只狼变成宠物狗。
James Gorman, a Times reporter, accompanied scientists who are trying to understand the genes that distinguish dogs from wolves. Humans who raise wolf puppies must spend 24 hours a day, seven days a week with them in order to socialize these puppies for scientific study. And while the pups may seem cute, they will grow to be predatory wolves, not humanity’s faithful companions. The researchers hope their work will help reveal the trigger that made some ancient wolves into the dogs we know today.
《纽约时报》记者詹姆斯?格尔曼追踪报道了一群科学家，他们试图找到将狼与狗区分开来的基因。为了进行科学研究，饲养小狼崽的人必须每周7天、每天24小时和它们在一起，使它们能够适应社会化，以便进行科学研究。尽管这些幼崽看起来很可爱，它们最终还是会成长为掠食性的狼，而不是人类的忠实伙伴。研究人员希望他们的工作将有助于揭示，究竟是什么因素在历史上让一部分狼演化成人类熟悉的狗。
Treating Birth Defects Before a Baby Is Born
在婴儿出生前治疗出生缺陷
We learned about fetal surgery’s potential to change lives.
对胎儿进行手术有可能改变他们的人生。
A Times reporter, Denise Grady, went inside an operating room to observe an experimental technique to treat severe spina bifida in a 24-week-old fetus. The doctors performing the surgery hope it will result in superior outcomes for children born with the disorder. Their first 28 surgeries have seen good results so far. Jan. 14 is the due date for the mother who was the subject of the article.
《纽约时报》记者丹尼斯?格莱迪进入一间手术室，观察一项对24周、患有先天性脊椎裂的胎儿进行治疗的实验性技术。医生希望通过手术缓解患病婴儿的症状。他们目前已进行了28例手术，效果良好。报道中的胎儿母亲的预产期为1月14日。
Farewell to Cassini
再见，卡西尼号
We learned about the power of human ingenuity in our solar system’s deep reaches.
抵达太阳系深处的人类智慧。
The Cassini spacecraft has been sending home images of Saturn, its rings and its moons since arriving at the gas giant in 2004. The mission ended in September with a planned fiery crash into Saturn’s atmosphere. While it studied the planet, Cassini explored moons — Titan and Enceladus — that could be home to extraterrestrial life. The probe also gave us great insight into our solar system, and will continue to do so for years as scientists pore over the data it collected.
自2004年抵达土星以来，卡西尼号宇宙飞船已经将土星、土星环及土星卫星的图片传送回地球。卡西尼号于9月完成使命，按计划撞向土星大气层中焚毁。卡西尼号在研究土星的同时，还探索了可能存在外星生命的土卫六和土卫二。它使人们更加深入地了解了太阳系，这种影响还将持续，科学家将继续对它收集的数据进行分析。
Beauty and Evolution
美与进化
We learned that animals may make choices based on aesthetics.
动物会根据美感做出选择。
Why does beauty exist? To answer this question, Richard O. Prum, an ornithologist, is working to revive an idea advanced by Charles Darwin: the attractiveness of an animal to another of its species isn’t only tied to fitness and good genes. Rather, animals — especially birds in Dr. Prum’s work — are making subjective decisions. He hopes that evolutionary biologists will stop “explaining away desire.”
美因何而存在？为了回答这个问题，鸟类学家理查德?O?普鲁姆正试图令达尔文的一种观点重新流行：同一个物种中，动物对其同类的吸引力，不仅仅与健康和良好的基因有关。动物，尤其是普鲁姆博士所研究的鸟类，会做出主观的决定。他希望进化生物学家不要再“为欲望辩解”了。
Saving Cancer Patients in Africa
拯救非洲癌症患者
We learned that there is new hope for Africans with treatable cancers.
对于可治疗的癌症，非洲人有了新的希望。
Major pharmaceutical companies, working with the American Cancer Society, will steeply discount cancer drugs for patients in African countries. Cancer kills 450,000 people across the continent each year, but many types here are among the most treatable: breast, cervical and prostate tumors.
大型制药公司正在与美国癌症协会合作，以大幅折扣价为非洲患者提供抗癌药物。在整个非洲大陆，每年有45万人死于癌症，但其中有很多种癌症是可以治疗的，比如乳腺癌、宫颈癌和前列腺癌等。
The Global Obesity Epidemic
全球性肥胖
We learned about the causes and consequences of rising obesity around the world.
全球肥胖率上升的前因后果。
Makers of processed food, soda and fast food see markets in the developing world as their greatest growth opportunities. At the same time, obesity rates and weight-related illnesses are on the rise in developing countries. An ongoing series of articles examined the interaction of these two trends, starting with cases in Brazil, Ghana and Colombia. Taken together, these stories reveal “a new global food order, and a new health crisis.”
加工食品、汽水和快餐商家将发展中国家市场视为他们最重要的发展机遇。与此同时，发展中国家的肥胖率以及与体重相关的疾病也在上升。一系列文章以巴西、加纳和哥伦比亚为例，研究了这两种趋势之间的相互作用。总的来说，这些故事揭示了“新的全球食品秩序和健康危机”。
Where Goods Made From Trafficked Wildlife Go
用走私野生动物制成的商品到哪里去了？
We learned about a warehouse that is like a mausoleum for endangered species.
一座陵墓般的濒危物种仓库。
When contraband goods made from prohibited wildlife are seized in the United States, they find their way to the National Wildlife Property Repository near Denver. Pictures taken by Tristan Spinski from inside the facility — shoes made of leopard skin, a lamp made with zebra hooves, a sea turtle’s skull, an elephant foot stool — “testify to the human appetite for other species,” Rachel Nuwer wrote for The Times in July.
当野生动物违禁走私商品在美国被查获时，它们会被送往丹佛附近的国家野生动物资源库。特里斯坦?斯宾斯基在这间资料库内拍到了以下物品的照片：用豹子的皮制成的鞋，用斑马蹄制成的灯，海龟头骨，大象脚凳——“人类对其他物种欲望的物证，”瑞秋?努尔在7月的报道中写道。
The Aftermath of Zika Virus
寨卡病毒的后果
We learned about the lingering toll of this frightening epidemic.
这场可怕疫情的后果持续不断。
Late last year, the World Health Organization declared that Zika virus was no longer a global emergency. But the disease’s effects on babies who may live for decades are only beginning to be understood. In northeastern Brazil, where links between the virus and birth defects like microcephaly were first detected, families struggle to give the best lives possible to stricken babies. Researchers hope to find clues about the virus’s effects on the fetus by studying pairs of twins in Brazil in which one was born with birth defects and the other was not.
去年年末，世界卫生组织宣布，寨卡病毒不再是全球紧急公共卫生事件。然而，人们才刚刚开始认识到这种病毒对婴儿及其未来几十年生活的影响。在巴西东北部，人们首次发现了病毒与小头畸形等出生缺陷之间的联系，家庭竭力为患病婴儿提供最好的生活。研究人员希望通过研究在巴西出生的一对双胞胎，来寻找病毒对胎儿影响的线索。这对双胞胎中，一个有出生缺陷，另一个没有。
Colliding Neutron Stars
中子星相撞
We learned that we could see a source of ripples in space-time.
我们可以看到时空涟漪的源头。
Astronomers confirmed a key part of Einstein’s general theory of relativity in 2016 when they announced that the LIGO array had detected gravitational waves released by the collision of two black holes. The researchers won a Nobel Prize for the discovery. But they’re not done: In October, scientists announced the finding of two dead stars colliding — not only hearing the ripples in space-time they made, but confirming the event visually with powerful telescopes. Collisions of neutron stars are believed to be the source of all heavy metals in the universe, including gold and silver, and the detection by LIGO helps verify accepted explanations of how the chemistry of the universe formed.
天文学家在2016年宣布，LIGO阵列检测到了两个黑洞碰撞所释放出来的引力波，证实了爱因斯坦广义相对论的关键部分。研究人员因这项发现而获得了诺贝尔物理学奖。但是研究人员的发现仍未结束：10月，科学家们监测到了两颗中子星的碰撞，不仅听到了碰撞造成的时空涟漪，而且还用性能强大的望远镜在光学上确认了这一事件。中子星的碰撞被认为是宇宙中所有重金属的来源，包括黄金和白银，LIGO的探测有助于验证有关宇宙化学形成的解释。
We think of the passage of NBA time in seasons, for obvious reasons. There's connection, a continuum. It's how we remember things that happen, in the course of a season of play. But there's some benefit to looking back at a calendar year, January 1 to December 31, and what we've learned in that process. After all, many say the "unofficial start" to the NBA season is Christmas, with the new year starting soon after. So here are the lessons we learned about the NBA in the year 2017.
我们总会不断地去思考着NBA一个赛季接着一个赛季的时间流逝，原因也很明显。在流逝的过程中，每一项事物都是有联系的，整个过程就是一个连续体。这就是我们记住在一个赛季当中所发生事情的方式。当我们翻看日历，从1月1日到12月31日，回顾一下我们在这个过程中学到了什么，对我们来说是很有好处的。而且，很多人说NBA赛季的“非正式开端”是圣诞节，也正是因为新年很快就要开始了。下面是我们在2017年里所学到的关于nba的经验教训。
Warriors winning title was inevitable
勇士卫冕几乎板上钉钉
As we began 2017, the Warriors were in a rocky point with their upgraded super-team. They'd lost to most of the other premier Western Conference teams, and just lost to the Cavaliers on Christmas. Maybe, just maybe, this super-team was mortal just like the 2016 team that looked invincible was. As it turns out, in a word, nope.
当2017年开始的时候，勇士阵容已经坚如磐石，整体阵容再度升级。上个赛季伊始，勇士队输给了很多西部的竞争对手，还在圣诞大战中输给了骑士队。也许，也只是也许，这支超级球队还是会输球，即便它看起来和2016年那支球队一样不可战胜。但实际上，简单来说答案就一个字，不。
Golden State righted itself over the next few months. Kevin Durant suffered an injury which let Stephen Curry be Stephen Curry again, and when Kevin Durant returned, the team had found a balance between their two MVPs. The result was a terrifying burst through the playoffs, as the Warriors swept the Western Conference playoffs. Portland offered no resistance. Utah put up a noble effort but still couldn't get a game. The Spurs led by 20 ... and then Kawhi Leonard went down with an injurywhen Zaza Pachulia stuck his foot out, and that was that.
在接下来的几个月里，金州勇士就恢复正常了。因为凯文·杜兰特受伤，让斯蒂芬·库里重新成为那个无所不能的斯蒂芬·库里，当凯文·杜兰特重返球队的时候，球队也在他们这两个MVP之间找到了平衡。于是季后赛横扫西部的可怕爆发显然可以预料得到。开拓者被打的毫无还手之力，爵士拼尽全力但仍无法获得一场比赛。本来马刺很有可能拿下一场比赛，在那场比赛中他们一度领先20分，然后，当扎扎帕楚里亚垫了一只脚之后，科怀·伦纳德便受伤了，结果就是这样。
The result was a loss of playoff revenue so steep that it actually hurt the cap situation of teams trying to find room to compete with the Warriors. The Finals were supposed to be the last hope, the last chance, and there were those who foolishly kept telling you not to count out LeBron James. Well, I've covered five LeBron Finals, and I'm here to tell you: he knew. He spoke about Golden State with a tone of "What can I do? They won 73 games, I beat them, they added Kevin Durant." The Cavaliers managed to make things close with a chance to win in Game 3 before Kevin Durant's cold-blooded, series-ending dagger. In the end, the Cavaliers got their requisite single face-saving game, but the end result was ... anticlimactic.
勇士的横扫，实际上让那些试图挑战勇士的球队无力追赶勇士的脚步，致使联盟在季后赛收入上损失惨重。于是，总决赛便成了战胜勇士的最后的希望，也是最后的机会。总有些愚蠢的人通过不断告诉你不要低估了勒布朗·詹姆斯来让你重燃希望。我看了所有五场詹姆斯在的总决赛，我现在客观的告诉你：詹姆斯知道自己赢不了。“我能做什么？他们赢了73场比赛，我打败了他们，于是他们引进了凯文杜兰特。”在凯文杜兰特用自己的冷血投射杀死系列赛之前，骑士还设法在三场比赛中夺得了一场胜利。但最后，骑士队虽然避免了横扫的尴尬，但他们结束赛季的方式也只能用虎头蛇尾来形容。
It was therapeutic for Warriors fans after enduring the agony of the worst collapse in Finals history the year before, but even then, the whole thing felt like "yup, this is what's supposed to happen." There was very little drama, very little debate, and in the end, the result everyone was sure of happened. That doesn't generate a lot of conversation or interest. It just kind of is what it is.
上赛季的封王对勇士队球迷来说是一种缓解，毕竟他们前一年经历了总决赛史上最严重的崩盘。尽管如此，但整个系列赛的感觉还是“是的，这是应该发生的。”。几乎没有什么戏剧性的事情，也没有什么争论，最后，大家都预料到会发生什么。不会引起太多谈话或兴趣，它就是这样的。
The Warriors are one of the best teams in NBA history, and you can put their championship run up against any team in NBA history for the best playoff performance ever. But there's also a legitimate question of what this means for the sport. If the best or second-best player of all time stands no chance against this team, what does it mean for the sport's competitiveness? It hasn't been a problem so far, thanks to an extremely wild offseason, but the question remains: what happens to a competitive sports league when it's not truly competitive at the highest level?
现在的勇士队已经是NBA历史上最好的球队之一，你可以把他们的冠军阵容和NBA历史上的任何一支球队相提并论，因为他们打出了有史以来最好的季后赛表现。但同时也有一个“篮球”的问题。如果历史上最好的或者第二好的球员都没有机会对抗这支球队，那对这项运动的竞争力意味着什么呢？到目前为止，幸运的是这个问题并没有凸显出来，这可多亏了一个非常狂野的休赛期，但问题仍然存在：当一个最高水品的竞技体育联赛缺乏真正的竞争时，它会发生什么？
LeBron is invulnerable to age
年龄对詹姆斯仍不是问题
In 2017, his 14th season in the league, LeBron James averaged a career high in assists and rebounds. In the first two months of 2017-18, he's averaging a career high in 3-point percentage, but that's been talked about and dissected; it's been written about extensively.
2017已经是詹姆斯在联盟中的第十四个赛季，但他的场均助攻和篮板竟然还创下了职业新高。在这个赛季的前两个月里，他拿出了整个职业生涯最好的三分表现，但鉴于这已经被各方专家们讨论和剖析，并且被媒体广泛的报道了，我在这里就不加赘述了。
Except, now, he's averaging a career-high in assists. And shooting a career-high on 2-point shots (63 percent). And a career-high 78.5 percent from the free-throw line. And he's 0.4 rebounds away from a career high in those, too. He's literally having his best statistical season in every regard except raw points per game.
此外，他还刷新了他职业新高的助攻数、2分球命中率（63%），还有同样为职业生涯最高的78.5%的罚球命中率。而且，他这赛季的篮板数比职业生涯平均篮板数也多了0.4个。总而言之，詹姆斯本赛季在除得分以外，各项数据都是堪称亮眼。
Only Kobe Bryant had played in more games by age 32, and did so with fewer minutes, and that's just including regular-season games.
只有科比在32岁的时候参加了更多的比赛，而且他的场均出场时间还少了几分钟，而且这还仅包括常规赛。
James is proof of a trend we've seen, from Tim Duncan to Manu Ginobili to Vince Carter. Conditioning, health science and nutrition are paving the way for athletes to remain in their prime, and then serviceable, for way longer than before. James is realistically still going to be the best player on his team when he's 36, and that's straight up bonkers.
詹姆斯也反映出了一种趋势，从邓肯到马努·吉诺比利再到文斯卡特，也都是这样。调理、人体健康科学和营养正在为运动员们铺平道路，保持他们的身体素质，使得他们可以打更多的比赛。或许，在他36岁的时候，詹姆斯仍会是球队中最好的球员，即便现在看来这很疯狂。
Every point we think we've reached where James cannot be better than he has been, he then blows past it like a poor center switched onto him. What will be discussed most is his all-encompassing skill, but this is also a testament to the work that James puts in. You can mock all those Instagram videos he puts up, but those are the real reason he's still able to do this; James has never cheated the game, not a day in his life, and the result is incomparable performance night in and night out.
每一次我们詹姆斯已经达到了顶点，詹姆斯就会拿出更好的表现超过那个顶点。他那无所不包的各项技巧，是詹姆斯辛苦训练的证明。你可以嘲笑他所提发布的所有Instagram录像，但这些都是他仍然能够做到这一点的真正原因；詹姆斯从来不轻视他的每一场比赛，一次都没有。结果便是晚上一次又一次无可比拟的表演。
The most exciting part is the offseason
最令人兴奋地其实是交易期
Paul George, Chris Paul, Carmelo Anthony, Gordon Hayward Jimmy Butler, Derrick Rose, Paul Millsap, J.J. Redick, Eric Bledsoe, Dwight Howard ... the list goes on and on of players who switched uniforms since last year.
保罗·乔治，克里斯·保罗，卡梅罗·安东尼，戈登·海沃德，吉米·巴特勒，德里克·罗斯，保罗·米尔萨普，J·J·雷迪克，埃里克·布莱索，德怀特·霍华德……自去年以来，换了东家的球员名单还在不断增加。
The result has been increased ratings this regular season. Everything has been flipped. The offseason is thrilling, "stay on your phone every second checking what's happening" drama. The regular season is fascinating and competitive, with superstar matchups and explosive performances every night. The playoffs? Ho-hum, the Warriors win again. What's interesting is that this might be an actually better growth strategy for the league. A dynamite dynasty to attract the casual viewers who only want to see greatness, a super-compelling offseason and intriguing regular season to keep the die-hards engaged. It flips the standard models on their heads, but it also makes the best use of the NBA's ever-expanding digital presence.
结果是，这个赛季常规赛的收视率提高了，一切都被颠覆了。休赛期令人兴奋，“每一秒都要打电话，看看发生了什么”。常规赛很吸引人，也很有竞争力，每天晚上都会有超级明星的比赛和超神的表现。至于季后赛？估计新闻会是勇士队又赢了。有趣的是，这可能是联盟更好的增长策略。一个充满活力的王朝用来吸引那些只想看到伟大的普通观众，一个超级引人注目的休赛期和耐人寻味的常规赛用来吸引四种的观众。它在他们的头上翻转标准模型，但它也充分利用了NBA不断扩大的数字流量。
If nothing else, it's clear that when it comes to the summer, the NBA season doesn't really ever stop. It just switches gears.
如果没有别的，很明显，夏天交易期并不代表NBA赛季的停止，它只是换了个档而已。
Did I mention that LeBron James is a free agent this summer?
哦，对了，我刚刚说了勒布朗·詹姆斯这个夏天其实是自由球员吗？
There's plenty more to figure out in the coming months, plenty more to speculate about, plenty more to enjoy. Here's wishing all of our readers a safe and enjoyable holiday season, and a happy new basketball year.
当然在接下来的一段时间中里还有很多事情要解决，还会有更多的推测，更多的享受。祝我们所有的读者度过一个安全愉快的假期，迎来一个崭新快乐的篮球之年。
更多精彩内容请关注微信公众号、新浪微博：篮球英文堂
LONDON — Since its inception in 2002, the Saturday Profile has aimed to bring to readers of The New York Times people around the world they probably have never heard of, but who have led interesting lives and done extraordinary things, or perhaps recently gone through a remarkable experience.
伦敦——自2002年开设以来，“周六人物”(Saturday Profile)便旨在向《纽约时报》的读者介绍世界各地的人。读者可能从来没有听说过这些人，但他们过着有趣的生活，做过不同寻常的事情，或者刚刚有了一段非凡的经历。
The people we look for usually do not run countries, or headline blockbuster movies, or write best sellers. We leave those to the appropriate sections of the newspaper. Our subjects are more likely to have just emerged from prison, or written their 1,547th novel.
我们要找的人通常不是国家领导人、轰动性的电影大片主演或畅销书作者。我们会把这些人留给本报的相应版面。我们的报道对象更有可能刚出狱，或刚写完第1547本小说。
Or, this year, to be women with a story to tell about abuse, sexual or otherwise — a couple of whom shared #MeToo moments in our pages. Carlotta Gall told the story of Henda Ayari, a French citizen of North African heritage and anti-Salafist activist who accused a prominent Oxford professor of raping her.
又或者，今年是一群有跟虐待、性或其他有关的故事要讲的女性。她们其中几个人在我们的页面上分享了“我也是”(#MeToo)的经历。卡洛塔·加尔(Carlotta Gall)讲述了汉达·阿亚里(Henda Ayari)的故事。后者是一名拥有北非血统的法国公民，也是一名反萨拉菲派活动人士。她指控牛津大学某知名教授强奸了她。
Sweden’s foreign minister, Margot Wallstrom, a proponent of a “feminist foreign policy,” opened up to Ellen Barry about her abuse at the hands of an old boyfriend when she was a young woman, something she had never said publicly before.
倡导“女权主义外交政策”的瑞典外交部长玛戈特·瓦尔斯特伦(Margot Wallstrom)向埃伦·巴里(Ellen Barry)敞开心扉，回忆了自己年轻时被当时的男友虐待的经历。她以前从未公开说过此事。
Perhaps my favorite profile this year was Kiki Zhao’s stirring depiction of the remarkable Yu Xiuhua, now one of China’s most read poets, a woman with cerebral palsy who lived most of her 41 years on a farm, writing at a low table. She never finished high school, and says she “could write before she could read.” Now, she is invited to places like Stanford University and fends off comparisons to Emily Dickinson.
今年，我最喜欢的人物报道可能是Kiki Zhao对中国目前读者最多的诗人之一余秀华激动人心的描写。余秀华是一个了不起的人。她患有脑瘫，过去41年里大部分时间生活在农村，在一张矮桌子上写作。高中没毕业的她说自己“在能读它们（名著）之前，我就知道如何写作了”。现在，她受邀前往斯坦福大学等地，她不愿被比作艾米丽·迪金森(Emily Dickinson)。
So take a look. I sincerely hope you enjoy reading them as much as I liked selecting and editing them.
因此，看看吧。我真诚地希望你们会喜欢它们，就像我在挑选和编辑它们时那样。
Manal al-Sharif
马纳尔·阿尔-谢里夫(Manal al-Sharif)
A Saudi Woman Who Got Behind the Wheel and Never Looked Back
《一个开车从来不回头看的沙特女子》(A Saudi Woman Who Got Behind the Wheel and Never Looked Back)
Manal al-Sharif is best known for challenging laws and mores that keep women down in her native country.
马纳尔·阿尔-谢里夫最有名的，是挑战她的祖国压制女性的法律和习俗。
Emma Morano
埃玛·莫拉诺(Emma Morano)
Remembering the World’s Oldest Person, in the Objects She Left Behind
《在生前留下的物品中回忆世界上最长寿的人》(Remembering the World’s Oldest Person, in the Objects She Left Behind)
Emma Morano’s singular achievement in life may have been perseverance. She lived for 117 years, crediting her longevity to raw eggs and her lack of a husband. She died on April 15.
埃玛·莫拉诺一生中唯一的成就可能就是坚持。她活了117岁，并把自己的长寿归功于生鸡蛋和没有丈夫。她于4月15日去世。
Margot Wallstrom
玛戈特·瓦尔斯特伦(Margot Wallstrom)
Sweden’s Proponent of ‘Feminist Foreign Policy,’ Shaped by Abuse
《受虐待经历影响的瑞典“女权主义外交政策”倡导者》(Sweden’s Proponent of ‘Feminist Foreign Policy,’ Shaped by Abuse)
As foreign minister, Margot Wallstrom, who broke free from a violent relationship in her 20s, is challenging assumptions in a traditionally male sphere.
玛戈特·瓦尔斯特伦在20多岁时结束了一段充满暴力的感情。作为外交部长，她正在一个传统上属于男性的领域里挑战各种假定。
Henda Ayari
汉达·阿亚里(Henda Ayari)
‘I Could Not Forget What Happened to Me That Night With Him’
《我无法忘记那天晚上和他在一起时发生的事》(‘I Could Not Forget What Happened to Me That Night With Him’)
Henda Ayari created a storm when she denounced radical Islam. Now, inspired by the #MeToo campaign, she has accused an Oxford professor of rape.
汉达·阿亚里谴责激进的伊斯兰教，制造了一场风暴。现在，在#我也是 运动的鼓舞下，她指控牛津大学的一位教授强奸她。
Olive Yang
杨金秀(Olive Yang)
The Female Warlord Who Had C.I.A. Connections and Opium Routes
《出生于缅甸皇室的她成为军阀和大毒枭》(The Female Warlord Who Had C.I.A. Connections and Opium Routes)
Born to royalty in Burma, Olive Yang, who died on July 31, rejected her birthright to become a cross-dressing warlord and opium trafficker.
生于缅甸皇室的杨金秀于7月31日去世。她拒绝了与生俱来的权利，成了一个女扮男装的军阀和鸦片走私犯。
Asli Erdogan
阿斯利·埃尔多安(Asli Erdogan)
Torn Ballet Shoes, and a Life Upended
《被撕破的芭蕾舞鞋和突变的生活》(Torn Ballet Shoes, and a Life Upended)
Asli Erdogan, a novelist of the “dark, pessimistic,” is struggling to process her own grim experience: months in prison.
“悲观、消极”的小说家阿斯利·埃尔多安正在努力加工处理自己的可怕经历：数月的牢狱生活。
Letizia Battaglia
莱蒂齐娅·巴塔利亚(Letizia Battaglia)
A Sicilian Photographer of the Mafia and Her ‘Archive of Blood’
《一名拍摄黑手党的西西里摄影师和她的“鲜血档案”》(A Sicilian Photographer of the Mafia and Her ‘Archive of Blood’)
Letizia Battaglia chronicled Palermo’s Mafia wars in the 1970s and ’80s for a local newspaper. Now, her images appear in museums and retrospectives.
莱蒂齐娅·巴塔利亚按时间顺序为当地一家报纸记录了七八十年代巴勒莫的黑手党战争。如今，她的照片被一些博物馆和回顾展收录。
Sinta Nuriyah
辛塔·努里亚(Sinta Nuriyah)
A Former First Lady Presses On for a Tolerant, Feminist Islam
《前第一夫人要求伊斯兰教变得宽容并支持女权》(A Former First Lady Presses On for a Tolerant, Feminist Islam)
Sinta Nuriyah carries forth her family’s campaign in Indonesia, holding interfaith events and establishing a network of progressive Islamic boarding schools for girls.
辛塔·努里亚在印度尼西亚开展她的家庭运动。她举办不同宗教信仰者参加的活动，并建立了一个进步伊斯兰女子寄宿学校网络。
Yu Xiuhua
余秀华
A Chinese Poet’s Unusual Path From Isolated Farm Life to Celebrity
《余秀华：从普通农妇到著名诗人》(A Chinese Poet’s Unusual Path From Isolated Farm Life to Celebrity)
Yu Xiuhua, born with cerebral palsy, lived a quiet village life. She is now a literary sensation whose vivid, erotic poems are “stained with blood.”
天生脑瘫的余秀华原本过着平静的乡村生活。现在，她在文坛引起了轰动，她描写情欲的生动诗歌“有明显的血污”。
Alice Schwarzer
艾丽斯·斯瓦策尔(Alice Schwarzer)
A Pioneering German Feminist Looks Back in Anguish
《一位德国女权主义先锋在痛苦中回顾过去》(A Pioneering German Feminist Looks Back in Anguish)
Alice Schwarzer, who has battled for women’s rights for years, is stunned that “an old-school sexist” like Donald J. Trump could win the United States presidency.
艾丽斯·斯瓦策尔多年来一直为争取女性权利而斗争。她对像唐纳德·特朗普这样“老式的性别歧视者”能够当上美国总统深感震惊。
Maryam Sharif
玛丽亚姆·谢里夫(Maryam Sharif)
In Pakistani Fray, Maryam Sharif Is on the Edge of Power, or Prison
《在巴基斯坦的争斗中，玛丽亚姆·谢里夫正处在权力的边缘，也或许是监狱》(In Pakistani Fray, Maryam Sharif Is on the Edge of Power, or Prison)
She had recently emerged as the right hand of her father, the former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. But corruption charges are clouding her rapid rise.
她最近成了她的父亲、前总理纳瓦兹·谢里夫(Nawaz Sharif)的左膀右臂。但腐败指控给她的迅速崛起蒙上了阴影。
Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Hangzhou, Wuhan and Nanjing have been ranked as the top five cities for opportunity in China, according to a report jointly launched by PricewaterhouseCoopers and the China Development Research Foundation.
由普华永道与中国发展研究基金会联合发布的报告称，广州、深圳、杭州、武汉、南京是我国五大“机遇之城”。
The report said that technological innovations and balanced development were the keys to building "cities of opportunity".
报告称，打造“机遇之城”的关键是技术创新和均衡发展。
The report provided in-depth observations on 28 Chinese business and administrative capitals - excluding Beijing and Shanghai - using several indicators.
报告提供了对除北京和上海之外的28个国内商业和行政中心城市进行的深入考察。
The indicators included intellectual capital and innovation, technology readiness, important regional cities, healthcare, safety and security, transportation and urban planning. Others were sustainability and the natural environment, culture and lifestyle, economic clout, cost and ease of doing business.
考察指标包括“智力资本和创新”、“技术成熟度”、“区域重要城市”、“健康、安全与治安”、“交通和城市规划”、“可持续发展与自然环境”、“文化与居民生活”、“经济影响力”、“成本”和“宜商环境”。
Guangzhou and Shenzhen, benefiting from balanced development, took first and second place respectively in the rankings. Hangzhou ranked third, owing to its technological advantages. Wuhan, which had achieved a good balance between development and costs, was in fourth place, followed by Nanjing with its quality culture and lifestyle.
得益于均衡发展，广州和深圳在该榜单上分列前两位。而杭州则因其技术优势而排名第三。武汉则由于在发展和成本间的良好平衡排名第四，随后的南京则是由于文化和生活水平排名第五。
The report also found that the top cities in intellectual capital and innovation and technological readiness also achieved high scores in the overall ranking, a clear indication that technologically advanced cities were more likely to earn the title of "cities of opportunity".
报告还发现，在“智力资本和创新”及“技术成熟度”等指标方面排名较高的城市综合排名也很高，这很明确地表明，技术上先进的城市更有可能成为“机遇城市”。
In addition, the top-ranking cities typically performed poorly in costs and culture and lifestyle. China's "cities of opportunity" continue to face challenges when it comes to building cities that satisfy the needs of the populace and provide a high quality of life.
此外，排名前列的城市的“成本”、“文化与居民生活”两项指标普遍不高。在满足民众需求、并提供高质量生活方面，中国的“机遇城市”仍然面临挑战。
China purchased 141,000 industrial robots in 2017, up 58.1% year-on-year, but foreign brands accounted for nearly three quarters of that, showing that the gap is still widening between Chinese robot makers and their foreign peers.
2017年，我国购买了14.1万台工业机器人，同比增长58.1%，然而在购买的机器人中，外资品牌占比近3/4，这表明国产与国外机器人制造商存在的差距仍在扩大。
The China International Robot Industry Summit, held on Tuesday in Shanghai, said the sales and growth rate of industrial robots hit records in 2017. Among industrial robots, 37,825 were domestically manufactured, up 29.8% year-on-year.
周二在上海举办的中国国际机器人产业发展高峰论坛称，2017年，工业机器人的销量和增速均创新高。在这些工业机器人当中，有37825台为国产制造，同比增长29.8%。
Foreign robot makers sold 103,191 robots to China in 2017, up 71.9% from a year earlier.
去年，外国机器人市场向我国售出103191台机器人，同比增长71.9%。
Although Chinese domestic suppliers have expanded their market share to 32.7% in 2016, the trend was reversed in 2017, as their share shrank to 26.8%, said Qu Daokui, president of China Robot Industry Alliance.
中国机器人产业联盟理事长曲道奎称，尽管我国本国供应商在2016年将市场占有率扩至32.7%，去年这一趋势出现反转，其市场占有率降至26.8%。
"As robotics is expanding into nearly every industry, Chinese robot makers should realize the gap between them and foreign brands, take advantage of China's robotics development boom and learn from foreign experience to help China grow from the world's largest robot market into a robot manufacturing power," said Qu.
曲道奎表示：“随着机器人正逐渐扩至几乎所有领域，我国机器人制造商应当了解自身和外资品牌间的差距，利用中国机器人的蓬勃发展并学习国外经验，以帮助我国由世界最大的机器人市场成长为机器人制造强国。”
In his report of Global Market of Industrial Robots, Junji Tsuda, president of International Federation of Robotics (IFR), noted that about 387,000 industrial robots were sold in 2017 worldwide, up 31% year-on-year, creating $50 billion in revenue, with China as one of key drivers behind the strong growth.
国际机器人联合会主席Junji Tsuda在他的《全球工业机器人市场》报告中指出，在2017年，全球约有38.7万台工业机器人售出，同比增长31%，创造了500亿美元的收入，而中国则是这一强劲增长背后的关键驱动因素之一。
China has become the world's largest industrial robot market since 2013, and currently its domestic suppliers are moving up the supplier chain by offering more high-end products in recent years, added the report.
该报告还指出，自2013年以来，中国已成为全球最大的工业机器人市场。并且在近年来，中国国内的供应商通过提供更多高端产品，正在向供应链上游进军。
The dollar value of exports from emerging market countries will rise next year for the first time since 2014, helped by higher commodity prices and modestly stronger demand, it is predicted.
据预测，在大宗商品价格上涨和需求温和上升的推动下，2017年以美元计的新兴市场国家出口额将出现自2014年以来的首次增长。
The recovery may help allay some of the gloom around emerging market countries, many of which used strong export growth as a springboard for rapid economic advancement in the early years of this century, before the export boom turned to bust.
出口复苏可能在一定程度上化解人们对于新兴市场国家的悲观看法。在本世纪初的那些年，许多新兴市场国家曾把出口强劲增长作为经济快速发展的跳板，后来出口由盛转衰了。
“We will see a lot of headlines about [emerging market export growth] picking up in the first half of 2017,” says Bhanu Baweja, head of EM cross asset strategy at UBS, who believes EM exports will show year-on-year growth of between 8 and 13 per cent in dollar terms in the first quarter of this year, “a complete postcode away” from the negative numbers currently being reported.
“2017年上半年，我们将看到许多头条新闻报道（新兴市场出口增长）提速，”瑞银(UBS)新兴市场跨资产战略部门主管巴努?巴韦贾(Bhanu Baweja)表示。他认为，今年第一季度新兴市场出口（以美元计）将同比增长8%至13%，“完全摆脱”目前报道的负增长。
Mark Williams, chief Asia economist at Capital Economics, adds: “We expect that the performance of EM exports will continue to improve in 2017, with export values rising modestly in year-on-year terms.”
凯投宏观(Capital Economics)首席亚洲经济学家马克?威廉姆斯(Mark Williams)补充道：“我们预计，2017年新兴市场出口的表现将继续改善，出口值会同比温和增长。”
Emerging market exports have been declining in dollar terms since October 2014, a far longer, if less extreme, losing streak than during the 2008-09 global financial crisis, as the first chart shows.
自2014年10月以来，新兴市场出口额（以美元计算）一直下降，即使没有2008年至2009年全球金融危机期间的下降幅度极端，也比当时持续的时间要长得多，如第一张图表所示。
This slide in the dollar value of exports has entirely been a price effect, driven by lower commodity prices. In volume terms, emerging market exports have continued to rise since 2014, even if volume growth in year-on-year terms has moderated to around 2 per cent, a fraction of the double-digit rates witnessed either side of the global financial crisis, as the second chart shows.
新兴市场出口额（以美元计算）下滑完全是一种价格效应，受到大宗商品价格下降的拖累。从数量上看，新兴市场出口自2014年以来一直持续上升，即便同比年增长率已放缓至2%左右——远远低于全球金融危机前后的两位数增长率，如第二张图表所示。
In contrast, the average unit price of emerging market exports has been falling in year-on-year terms pretty much since mid-2012, hitting a year-on-year decline of 16.4 per cent in February 2016.
相比之下，新兴市场出口的平均单价差不多自2012年中以来就一直呈同比下降趋势，2016年2月同比降幅达到16.4%。
With the prices of most commodities having recovered somewhat since February 2016, the year-on-year fall in unit prices has slowed to around 5 per cent.
大多数大宗商品的价格自2016年2月以来有所回升，单位价格的同比降幅已收窄至约5%。
As a result, in the first 10 months of 2016, the year-on-year decline in EM exports in dollar terms was just 6.6 per cent, according to calculations by Capital Economics, a marked improvement on the 11.6 per cent contraction seen in 2015, as the third chart illustrates.
因此，根据凯投宏观的计算，在2016年头10个月，新兴市场出口额（以美元计算）的同比降幅仅为6.6%，较2015年11.6%的降幅有了明显改善，如第三张图表所示。
Mr Williams notes that early November data from the likes of Brazil, Vietnam, Taiwan and Chile suggests the picture has continued to improve since October.
威廉姆斯指出，来自巴西、越南、台湾和智利的11月初数据表明，出口形势自10月以来持续改善。
With Capital Economics estimating that global economic growth will edge up to 2.8 per cent this year, from 2.5 per cent in 2016, “the exports of the emerging world’s net commodity exporters should rise by about 20 per cent year-on-year in dollar terms,” he argues.
威廉姆斯指出，据凯投宏观估计，全球经济增长率将从2016年的2.5%上升至今年的2.8%，“新兴世界的大宗商品净出口国的出口额（以美元计算）同比增长应会达到20%左右。”
The impact will also ripple out to some net commodity importers, Mr Williams believes, with higher commodity prices likely to boost the price of resource-intensive manufactured goods such as steel, bolstering the value of exports from the like of South Korea.
威廉姆斯认为，这些影响也将波及到一些大宗商品净进口国，大宗商品价格上涨可能提高资源密集型制成品（如钢铁）的价格，提振韩国等国的出口产品价值。
Mr Baweja agrees with this conclusion, noting that both South Korea and India, another net commodity importer, are exporters of refined oil products, the dollar value of which should rise this year.
巴韦贾同意这一结论，他指出，韩国和另一个大宗商品净进口国印度，都是成品油的出口国。以美元计算，这些成品油的价值今年应会上升。
But although he foresees a “noticeable pick-up in exports” in the first quarter of 2017, the UBS man is keen to play down any euphoria. He believes year-on-year growth will weaken and maybe even turn negative by the second half of 2017 because “volume is not picking up in a big way and the base effect [of last year’s weak commodity prices] will fall off” during the course of 2017.
但是，尽管他预计2017年第一季度的“出口会显著回升”，这位瑞银人士强调不要过于乐观。他认为，同比增长将会减弱，甚至可能在2017年下半年变为负增长，因为在2017年全年，“出口量不会大幅增长，而（去年大宗商品价格疲软）的基数效应将会减弱”。
In terms of the volume of exports from emerging markets, Mr Baweja would not rule out growth of around 4-5 per cent. But while this would represent a modest improvement on recent years, growth at this rate would still be “in the bottom quartile over the long-term distribution, even maybe the second decile”, given that median growth has been about 7 per cent a year over the past 25 years.
在新兴市场出口量方面，巴韦贾不排除增长约4%至5%的可能性。但是，尽管与近年来相比这将是一种温和改善，但这一增长速度仍“处于长期分布中的最差25%区间，甚至可能是最差20%区间”，因为过去25年的年增长率中值约为7%。
Mr Baweja’s extensive analysis on the changing nature of globalisation suggests the prime factor behind the weakness of global trade growth (which for a long time expanded at twice the rate of global GDP) has been a slowdown in investment.
巴韦贾对全球化不断变化的性质的深度分析显示，全球贸易增长疲软背后的主要因素是投资减速。全球贸易增速曾在很长一段时间内是全球GDP增速的两倍。
With this in mind, he does anticipate a pick-up in US investment “because it has been so weak — we don’t normally see it grow at a lower pace than consumption except in a recession”.
就这一点而言，他预计美国投资会回升，“因为投资一直太弱——除非在经济衰退期，我们通常不会看到投资增长低于消费增长”。
However, this may be balanced by a decline in European and Chinese investment, with the impact of the latter on global trade heightened if China was to engineer a partial switch from investment in resource-heavy construction to forms of infrastructure spending such as water purification that are not very commodity intensive.
然而，这可能被欧洲和中国的投资下滑抵消，如果中国打算在一定程度上由投资于资源耗费高的建设项目，转向投资于水净化等对大宗商品依赖不强的基础设施项目，那么中国投资对全球贸易的影响将会加大。
Mr Williams’ medium to long-term view is arguably more gloomy than that of Mr Baweja. He believes the 25-30 year period during which growth in global exports far exceeded that of global GDP, represented a “surge of globalisation that has come to an end”. In other words, the current slowdown in trade growth is structural, not cyclical.
威廉姆斯的中长期观点可能比巴韦贾更为悲观。他认为，全球出口增速在25至30年的时间里远高于全球GDP增速，意味着“全球化快速发展已经结束”。换句话说，目前的贸易增长放缓是结构性的，而不是周期性的。
“Through the second half of the 20th century we had this big dispersion of trade and economic activity around the world. All this specialisation meant exports rose faster than GDP,” Mr Williams says.
“整个20世纪下半叶，在世界各地，贸易和经济增速都出现了这么大的差异。所有的专业化分工都意味着出口增长快于GDP增长，”威廉姆斯说。
With China now not only “fully integrated”, but perhaps starting to retreat from this position as it brings more of its supply chain onshore, unless Africa can succeed in following China’s path, he adds: “I think we are going back now to a situation where we don’t think there is any particular reason for trade to grow faster than GDP.”
中国现在不仅“完全与世界一体化”，还可能正在开始退出这一状态，把供应链的更多环节带回国内，因此除非非洲能够成功地走上中国道路，否则“我想，现在我们将回到这样一种情形：我们认为没有任何特殊原因支持贸易增速超过GDP增速，”他补充说。
Other commentators, such as Raoul Leering, head of international trade analysis at ING, the Dutch financial group, fear the outlook is bleak even in the short term.
其他评论家，如荷兰金融集团荷兰国际集团(ING)国际贸易分析主管拉乌尔?里尔宁(Raoul Leering)担心，即使从短期来看，前景也很暗淡。
Citing recent figures from the CPB Netherlands Bureau for Policy Analysis, that show global trade in seasonally-adjusted volume terms fell 1.1 per cent between September and October, Mr Leering suggests last year will prove to be the worst year for world trade since 2009.
里尔宁援引了荷兰经济政策分析局(CPB Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis)的最新数据，数据显示，9月至10月经季节性调整的全球贸易量下降了1.1%，他表示，去年将被证明是世界贸易自2009年以来表现最糟糕的一年。
Moreover, a “turnaround in the short run is unlikely”, given China’s efforts to rebalance its economy from exports towards consumption (thereby reducing demand for imports of intermediate inputs), reinforced by “government policy to stimulate the use of domestic suppliers” and rising protectionism elsewhere, he argues.
此外，他指出，鉴于中国正在努力推动本国经济从出口转向消费的再平衡（从而减少对中间投入品的进口需求），再加上“中国政府鼓励使用国内供应商的政策”和其他地区保护主义的兴起，“全球贸易在短期内不太可能回暖”。
“Since these developments will not fade overnight, there is little hope for a trade revival in 2017,” says Mr Leering.
“由于这些情况不会一夜间消失，2017年贸易基本没有希望复苏，”里尔宁说。
Three of former US president Barack Obama's tweets were among Twitter's list of 10 most retweeted this year, while none of current US President Donald Trump's tweets made the list.
在推特今年转推量最高的10大推文榜中，有3条美国前总统贝拉克·奥巴马的推文，而该国现任总统唐纳德·特朗普的推文却无一上榜。
An Obama tweet, published in August after racial violence rocked Charlottesville, Virginia was the second most-shared this year, according to Twitter, with more than 1.7 million retweets.
推特方面日前表示，在今年8月弗吉尼亚州夏洛特维尔爆发种族骚乱后，奥巴马发布的一条推文是今年转推量第2多的推文，转推量达170万次以上。
It was also the "most liked" tweet of the year, with 4.59 million likes.
这条推文也是今年人们“点赞最多”的推文，收获的赞达459万个。
In the tweet, Obama quoted Nelson Mandela, "No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..."
奥巴马在该推文中引用曼德拉的话称：“没有人生来就因为他人的肤色、背景或宗教信仰而憎恨他们……”
He also posted a picture of himself looking at a racially diverse group of children.
他还贴出了一张自己看着一群种族多元化儿童的图片。
The other two tweets from Obama that made the list were posted when he was leaving the office.
奥巴马的另两条上榜推文是在他卸任时发布的。
In one tweet that was posted on Jan 10, Obama wrote, "Thank you for everything. My last ask is the same as my first. I'm asking you to believe - not in my ability to create change, but in yours."
在1月10日发表的一条推文中，奥巴马写道：“感谢你们为我做的一切。我最后一个请求和第一个一样。我请求你们不要相信我的而要相信你们自己的创造改变的能力。”
The other tweet was published on Inauguration Day, and Obama said, "It's been the honor of my life to serve you. You made me a better leader and a better man."
另一条推文发表于美国总统就职日，奥巴马称：“能够为你们服务是我毕生的荣幸，你们使我成为了更好的领袖和更好的人。”
Thor: Ragnarok
《雷神3：诸神黄昏》
Thor: Ragnarok was so much funnier than you could ever expect it to be, and it's all thanks to the genius of Jeff Goldbloom combined with the genius of Taika Waititi—the latter of whom both directed the movie AND played a extremely earnest dude made out of rocks.
《雷神3：诸神黄昏》的搞笑程度远远超出你的想象。这都要感谢杰夫?戈德布卢姆与塔伊加?维迪提两位天才的合作。维迪提不仅是本片导演，他还在电影中饰演了一个极其真诚的石头人战士Korg。
The Meyerowitz Stories
《迈耶罗维茨的故事》
This Noah Baumbach Netflix film is both funny and award-worthy, which means you can feel really smart while you chuckle.
《迈耶罗维茨的故事》由诺亚?鲍姆巴赫执导、网飞出品，影片不仅搞笑，而且是一部有潜力拿奖的作品。它让你在忍俊不禁的同时，会觉得这部电影真的太高明了。
The Incredible Jessica James
《不可思议的杰西卡?詹姆斯》
Honestly if you want to laugh your way through a Netflix original movie, please just watch The Incredible Jessica James because it's a delightful romantic comedy that blows everything else out of the water.
老实说，如果你想观看一部让你大笑不停的网飞原创影片时，请去看《不可思议的杰西卡?詹姆斯》，因为这部轻松浪漫的喜剧片会让你笑到爆。
Baby Driver
《极盗车神》
Baby Driver is so much fun, although it's not necessarily non-stop LOLs, it's definitely non-stop lowercase lols.
《极盗车神》特别有趣，虽然它未必会使你一直捧腹大笑，但全片都很欢乐。
Baby Driver recently placed on the National Board of Review’s Top 10 list. The film holds a 93% on Rotten Tomatoes and took in over $100 million dollars at the box office.
《极盗车神》日前入围了美国电影评议评选的十佳电影榜单，烂番茄评分93%，票房收入超过1亿美元。
The Big Sick
《大病》
If you like your comedy with a side of heart-warming feels and poignant cultural commentary, please look no further than The Big Sick, about a comedian who falls in love with a heckler. Their backgrounds could not be more different, which is relatable to anyone in a mixed race relationship.
如果你喜欢暖心且内容犀利的喜剧片，没有比《大病》更合适的了。这部影片讲述了一个喜剧演员爱上了一名抗议者的故事。他们的背景截然不同，这样的故事能让跨种族相爱的人产生共鸣。
Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2
《银河护卫队2》
One of the things that makes Guardians such a great superhero franchise is its sense of humor—which is full of self-deprecation and sarcasm. It's not like you're going to watch this movie and laugh your way through it, but you'll at least have some moments of "ha ha, Groot," and "lolololol Chris Pratt."
《银河护卫队》之所以能成为一部大获成功的超级英雄系列电影，原因之一就是它的幽默感。这部影片充满了自嘲和讽刺。观看这部影片的时候，你不会一直笑个不停，但至少会有一些瞬间让你哈哈大笑，比如树人和克里斯?帕特出场的时候。
The Lego Batman Movie
《乐高蝙蝠侠大电影》
Did you write The Lego Batman Movie off as kids-only? Biggest mistake ever. This movie is a witty feat of hilarity, full of dry humor and moments of comedy gold. Basically, if you like Will Arnett in Arrested Development, you will like this.
你觉得《乐高蝙蝠侠大电影》是一部儿童片吗？那你就大错特错了。这部影片充满了冷幽默和好笑的段子，欢乐中带着机智。总的来说，如果你喜欢《发展受阻》里的威尔?阿奈特，那你也会喜欢这部电影。
Girls Trip
《嗨翻姐妹行》
Look up "side-splitting humor" in the dictionary and you should probably come across the trailer for Girls Trip, which is the funniest movie of 2017, no contest.
去字典里查一下“side-splitting humor”（令人捧腹大笑的幽默感）这个词，你可能会看到《嗨翻姐妹行》的预告片，这是2017年最搞笑的电影，没有争议。
Landline
《固定电话》
The only family comedy/drama you need to see this year.
《固定电话》是今年唯一一部必看的家庭喜剧/剧情片。
Spider-Man: Homecoming
《蜘蛛侠：英雄归来》
The new Spider-Man reboot is the best yet, and it's mostly because the movie is funny. Like, Breakfast Club meets Ferris Bueller's Day Off meets Freaks and Geeks funny.
新版《蜘蛛侠》是迄今为止最棒的一部，这主要是因为它很搞笑。这部电影就像是《早餐俱乐部》、《春天不是读书天》遇上《怪胎与书呆》式的幽默。
From Yahoo’s bombshell announcement of a data breach that affected millions, to the recent WannaCry and BadRabbit ransomware attacks, 2017 has brought several major cybersecurity disasters.
雅虎宣布数据外泄影响数百万人引人震惊，勒索软件WannaCry和BadRabbit的网络攻击引人担忧，2017年我们经历了数起严重的网络安全灾难。
But, despite the incessant warnings from security researchers, many people are still turning to weak, easily guessable passwords to protect their devices.
但尽管安全研究人员不断发出警告，很多人仍在给个人设备设置安全等级弱、容易被破解的密码。
SplashData has revealed its list of the worst passwords of 2017, using data from more than 5 million passwords leaked this year – and, once again, ‘123456’ and ‘password’ top the list.
知名安全机构SplashData近日发布2017年最糟糕密码榜单，统计于今年遭泄露的超过500万个密码。“123456”和“password”（密码）再度居首。
The list features several ineffective passwords that have, for some reason, long maintained their hold among internet users.
其中还出现了一些长期霸榜的易泄露密码，出于某些原因，网友们一直热衷于使用这些密码。
This includes ‘qwerty,’ in fourth place, ‘admin,’ in 11th, and ‘login’, in 14th.
其中包括“qwerty”（键盘字母顺序，排名第4）、“admin”（管理员，排名第11）和“login”（登录，排名第14）。
And, this year, Star Wars found its way onto the list as well, with ‘starwars’ claiming the 16th spot.
今年登榜的还有“starwars”（星球大战），排名第16。
‘Unfortunately, while the newest episode may be a fantastic addition to the Star Wars franchise, ‘starwars’ is a dangerous password to use,’ said Morgan Slain, CEO of SplashData, Inc.
SplashData公司首席执行官摩根-斯莱恩说：“不幸的是，虽然最新的一部星球大战系列电影很精彩，但使用‘starwars’这个密码却很危险。”
‘Hackers are using common terms from pop culture and sports to break into accounts online because they know many people are using those easy-to-remember words.’
“现在黑客使用流行文化或体育活动中的常见说法来破解网上账户，因为他们知道很多人在使用这些容易记住的词做密码。”
There are several themes across the Worst Passwords list, including first names and hobbies.
上榜的密码中有几大主题，包括人名和兴趣爱好。
‘Jordan,’ ‘harley,’ ‘robert,’ ‘matthew,’ ‘daniel,’ ‘andrew,’ ‘andrea,’ and ‘joshua’ all made it on the list – along with ‘football,’ and ‘lakers.’
Jordan、harley、robert、matthew、daniel、andrew、andrea、joshua等人名都出现在榜单上，football（足球）和lakers（湖人队）也上榜。
Several car names were among the top 50, from ‘ferrari’ to ‘mercedes.’
还有几种汽车品牌名称也跻身榜单前50，包括ferrari（法拉利）和mercedes（梅赛德斯）等等。
And, ‘trustno1’ proved, perhaps unsurprisingly, to be among the worst passwords as well, taking up spot number 25.
“trustno1”（不相信任何人）毫无疑问也上榜了，排名第25。
The experts warn that adding a number or symbol to a common word is also an ineffective trick.‘Hackers know your tricks, and merely tweaking an easily guessable password does not make it secure,’ said Slain.
专家警告说，在普通词汇中添加数字或符号根本没用。斯莱恩说：“黑客们都知道你的小伎俩，对容易破解的密码稍作调整不会更安全。”
‘Our hope is that the Worst Passwords of the Year list will cause people to take steps to protect themselves online.’
“我们希望这份榜单会让大家采取措施保护自身的网络安全。”
A new report released just last week confirmed that many of us are still using the word 'password' to access our accounts.
上周发布的一份报告表明，还有很多人在使用password（密码）一词登录账户。
And, men are 2.8 times more likely to use this obvious phrase than women.
男性使用这个密码的几率是女性的2.8倍。
The report also found that nearly a quarter of people use the same password for every site they are signed up to.
报告还显示，近四分之一的人为所有账户设置同一密码。
Plans to open 20,000 specialist football schools in 2017, aimed at training young players and cultivating talent, are part of the government's latest plan to advance China's ability to compete on the global pitch.
为提高中国足球在国际赛场上的竞争力，中国政府日前公布了最新的足球发展计划，将在2017年开设20000所足球专业学校，用于训练年轻球员、培养人才。
The Office for National Youth Campus Football said that China already had 13,381 "special football schools" as of 2016, and 69 counties are piloting programs for football in schools, the Xinhua News Agency reported.
据新华社报道，全国青少年校园足球办公室近日表示，2016年中国已经拥有13381所“足球专业学校”，而69个区县正在学校里试点足球项目。
The office predicts the number of football schools will increase to 20,000 this year and reach 50,000 by 2025.
该办公室预计今年足球学校的数量将增加到20000所，到2025年时将增加到50000所。
Wang Dengfeng, director of the Physical Education, Health and Art Department under the Ministry of Education (MOE) and Vice Chairman of the China Football Association, was quoted as saying that football experts are designing curriculums for more than 360 training programs in primary and secondary schools.
中国教育部体卫艺司司长、中国足球协会副主席王登峰表示，足球专家们正在为小学和初中设计超过360种训练项目。
Xinhua reported in 2015 that the MOE and five other central government departments were putting together a task force to ensure that football thrives in the country's schools.
据新华社报道，2015年教育部和其他5个中央政府部门一起组成了一个专门工作组，以保障足球在中国学校里的蓬勃发展。
President Xi Jinping is also a well-known football fan, who has repeatedly voiced his support for the sport's development in China.
众所周知，中国国家主席习近平也是一个足球迷，他曾多次表达了自己对中国足球发展的支持。
The One-China policy constitutes the political foundation of China-US relations which has remained unshaken despite the changing circumstances, nor can this relationship be undermined. With that foundation in place, we believe that there are broad prospects for China-US cooperation.
坚持一个中国的政策，这是中美关系的政治基础，不是风云变幻能够动摇的，也动摇不得。有了这样一个政治基础，中美合作的前景是广阔的。
The China-US relationship is crucial not just to the two countries themselves, but also to regional and global peace, security, and stability. Hence we must work together to continuously take it forward.
中美关系不仅会关系两国利益，而且涉及到地区和世界的和平安全稳定，我们要维护它前行。
The people of both countries have the wisdom to properly manage their differences, there is a need and there are also conditions for us to continue to expand our common interests.
中美两国人民都是伟大的人民，我们有智慧来管控分歧，我们有需要也有条件来扩大共同利益。
China does not want to see a trade war between the US and China. That would not make our trade fairer and cause loss for the both sides.
我们不希望看到打贸易战，贸易战带不来贸易公平，而且双方都受损。
China will remain an important engine for world growth amid sluggish global economic recovery.
中国仍然是世界经济复苏乏力情况下推动全球增长的重要力量。
As for China, lack or stopped development represents the biggest risk for this country. So it is essential that we maintain steady medium-high growth of our economy and that in itself is China’s contribution to global stability.
对中国来讲，不发展是最大的风险。我们保持中高速的稳定增长，本身就是在为世界稳定做贡献。
China will "fasten the seat belt" and prevent any "acute outburst" of financial risks on the track for maintaining medium-high growth speed.
我们在中高速行进当中也会系紧安全带，不会让风险“急性发作”，更不会发生区域性或者系统性的风险。
The global trend of peace, development and cooperation and globalization are indivisible.
全球化和世界的和平发展合作是一体的、不可分的。
The truth is, to shut our door to the outside world would not help China do its own things well, so China will continue to open to the outside world, with this opening-up being a gradual process.
中国首先要把自己的事情办好，但关起门来也办不好自己的事情。所以我们的开放大门会越开越大。
We have confidence that we will continue to open this country at a higher level, and maintain this country as a popular destination for investment. We welcome other partners to work with us to share in the development opportunities of China.
我们就是要打造开放的高地、投资的热土，和世界共享发展机遇。
As for liberalization of global trade, we believe all countries need to work together to push it forward. This globe belongs to us all and we all need to do our bit.
至于维护全球贸易的自由化，这需要世界各国共同努力，因为天下是天下人的天下。
We have always adopted an open mind and approach to the various regional trading arrangements, and we will also welcome progress in these arrangements or proposed arrangements. China will continue to remain engaged and participate in the liberalization of global trade.
我们对已经达成或者希望达成的一些区域贸易安排一直持开放态度，也乐见其成。只要是有利于贸易自由化的，我们都会去参与、去推进。
China will not overreach its regional influence to seek trade arrangements where the country's due role is not in place.
我们不会越俎代庖，不会超越区域去做不应是中国做的事情。
Essentially this reform will help the government to focus on performing its due role more effectively instead of overreaching itself, because that will only tie down our businesses, cut government’s efficiencies and even public credibility.
政府确实管了一些不该管、也不应属于自己管的事情，它束缚了市场主体的手脚，降低了行政效率，甚至影响了政府的公信力。
The government also needs to adopt the Internet Plus governance to ensure that government services will be more easily accessible for our people.
我们要通过“互联网+政务服务”，让群众少跑腿、少烦心、多顺心。
What the government should do is to send a resounding message of “yes” to the all law-abiding market entities, to flash the green light of going ahead to the hardworking entrepreneurs and innovators, and to seriously deal with all violations of laws and regulations by showing them a resolutely a “yellow card” of stern warning, or even a “red card” to send them out of the market.
要向依法依规的市场主体发出“前行、前行、再前行”的信号；向依靠劳动创业创新者亮起“可以、可以、再可以”的绿灯；对那些违法违规不良行为，就要及时亮出黄牌，甚至出红牌罚他下场。
China is committed to denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, the peace and stability in the Korean Peninsula, and resolving issues through dialogue and consultation. That is China’s consistent and clear-cut position.
中国在朝鲜半岛问题上的立场是明确的、一贯的，坚持实现半岛无核化，坚持维护半岛的和平稳定，坚持通过对话协商解决问题。
China has fully complied with UN resolutions on the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula, and is a staunch supporter of upholding the international nuclear non-proliferation regime.
对于联合国已经通过的相关决议，中国一直是态度鲜明，而且是全面严格执行。中国始终是核不扩散体系的坚定维护者。
It is just a common sense that no one wants to see chaos at his doorstep.
谁也不愿意自己的家门口整天闹个不停。
Employment is the foundation of economic development. It creates wealth and it is the major source of household income.
就业是经济发展的基础，是财富增长的来源，也是居民收入的主渠道。
For the government, the job is to create a good environment and the necessary conditions for our people to use their own wisdom and hard work to generate golden opportunities for themselves, rather than just relying on the government to hand them a job.
我们要营造有利于创业就业的环境，不是靠政府去提供铁饭碗，而是让人民群众用劳动和智慧去创造或者说打造金饭碗。
China will not see nor allow massive unemployment of particular groups this year, as the government is capable of ensuring a favorable environment to generate jobs.
我们完全有能力扩大就业，不会也不允许出现大规模群体性失业。
China's economic performance in the past few years should suffice to put predictions of a hard landing to a full stop. China's economy will continue to enjoy medium-high growth and be upgraded to higher levels
这几年的实践可以证明，中国经济“硬着陆”论可以休矣。我们会长期保持中高速增长，并迈向中高端水平。
There should be no more arbitrary use of government power and that requires that the government must no longer overreach itself and we must eliminate any possible room for rent-seeking behaviors. This reform must be persistently pursued by the central government and all local governments at varies levels.
我们要让权力不能任性，就得把那些不应该有的权力砍掉，有些涉及到部门利益，要压缩寻租的空间。这不是一个简单的过程，从中央政府一直到地方、到基层，要打通“最后一公里”。
The government needs to work to emancipate and develop productive forces, bring out the initiative for the people and deliver greater benefits to the general public, the essence of governance is to always act in the overall interests of the whole country rather than just acting in one scenario departmental interests. The essence of our government is to always respond to the people’s call.
改革就是要解放和发展生产力，调动广大人民的积极性，让群众得到实惠，为政之要就是要舍小利、顾大义、顺民心。
We believe our initiative of mass entrepreneurship and innovation is a response to the call of our time, the government self-targeted reform of streamlining administration and delegating power is also to boost this public enthusiasm for business start-ups and making innovations.
“双创”可以说是应运而生，在全球化、“互联网+”的时代，我们推动“放管服”改革，也促进了“大众创业、万众创新”。
China's mass entrepreneurship and innovation initiative has a strong vitality.
“双创”是有着很强的生命力的。
Chinese people are intelligent and hardworking and they have an inexhaustible drive for pursuing a better life for themselves. The government needs to create the enabling environment for our people to fully use their talent and initiative.
中国人民勤劳智慧，有着追求美好生活的不竭动力，政府就是要创造环境，让人民群众创业创新的热情持久不衰。
The ‘one country, two systems’ principle needs to be steadfastly applied in Hong Kong without being bent or distorted.
“一国两制”的实践要不动摇、不走样、不变形。
The central government is planning to establish a bond market connect between the mainland and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region on a trial basis this year, allowing for the first time overseas capital to access mainland bond markets from overseas. Hong Kong will be the first to benefit from such an arrangement
我们准备今年在香港和内地试行“债券通”，也就是说允许境外资金在境外购买内地的债券，这是第一次。香港是近水楼台先得月。
There is still tremendous untapped potential in China-Russia economic and trade ties and the two economies are highly complementary. The goals set for the two-way trade can be achieved.
中俄双方经贸合作的潜力很大，互补性很强，双方所达成的经贸关系目标是可以实现的。
China does not want to resort to yuan depreciation to boost exports as that would dampen the restructuring and upgrading of the corporate sector.
我们不希望通过贬值来增加出口，这不利于企业转型升级。
We also do not want any trade war with others and we have stuck to reform of the yuan's exchange rate formation mechanism to keep it basically stable at reasonable and equilibrium levels.
我们也不希望打贸易战。我们坚持人民币汇率形成机制的改革，保持了人民币汇率在合理均衡水平上的基本稳定。
China has ample foreign exchange reserves to satisfy the demands of imports and short-term debt repayments.
我们的外汇储备是充裕的，是足以支付进口和满足短期偿债需要的。
The central government has allocated a special fund of 100 billion yuan to provide assistance to workers laid off from overcapacity cuts, and also has asked local governments to set up matching funds.
中央财政拿了1000亿元专项资金用于员工转岗安置，并且要求地方政府配套。
To provide assistance to these laid-off workers will continue to be our priority in cutting overcapacity and pursuing the supply-side structural reform.
把职工安置好还是我们推进供给侧结构性改革，推动化解和淘汰过剩产能中最关键的问题。
The renewal of the 70-year term of land-use rights by urban-dwelling owners will be no problem. No application needs to be filed, there will be no preset conditions and it will not affect any deal being made over the property.
70年住宅土地使用权到期可以续期，不需申请，没有前置条件，也不影响交易。
The Asia-Pacific is the common home of all countries in the region. China does not want to see any party in the Asia-Pacific region feel compelled to choose sides under the influence of a Cold-War mentality.
亚太地区是地区国家共有的家园，我们不希望、也不愿意看到冷战思维下所谓“选边站队”的事情发生。
China hopes that the Asia-Pacific region will be one that enjoys order and stability, a region that is able to work out issues through consensus-building consultation, properly manage differences through dialogue and has the wisdom to resolve differences.
我们希望看到的亚太地区是一个稳定、有秩序的地区，是一个可以协商一致、达成原则的地区，是一个有能力管控分歧的地区，也是一个有智慧解决争端的地区。
We will use this painful adjustment on the part of government to ensure that things will be much more convenient and easier for our businesses to enhance their competiveness on the market.
我们就是要用政府的“痛”换来企业的“顺”，让企业轻装上阵，提高竞争力。
We need to ensure that our consumers will have access to good options, benefit from such consumption, and most importantly that Chinese companies will be able to win over the consumers with their commitment to high quality and workmanship.
要让消费者有更多选择，从中受惠，更重要的是让我们的企业下决心，通过发扬工匠精神，使自己的产品赢得消费者的信赖。
People on both sides of the Taiwan Strait are brothers and sisters, and no matter how the situation on the island evolves, the mainland is determined to maintain Cross-Strait stability.
两岸是骨肉同胞，血浓于水，不管岛内形势如何变化，都割断不了两岸的亲情，也改变不了我们维护两岸关系和平发展的决心和诚意。
With respect to trade frictions between the two sides, I think we have gained good experience in addressing them.
中欧之间存在贸易摩擦，我们有经验去妥善解决。
China has all long and continues to support a united, prosperous and stable European Union, support a strong Euro, and support European integration process. We believe that is good for globalization, for a multipolar world and for diversity of civilizations. We feel optimistic about the future of the EU and the future of China-EU relations.
中国始终支持一个团结繁荣稳定的欧盟，也支持强大的欧元，支持欧洲一体化进程，因为这有利于经济全球化、世界多极化和文明多样化。我对欧盟的前景是乐观的，我们对中欧关系的发展前景也是看好的。
Like air, blue skies treat everyone equally.
蓝天和空气一样，对每个人都是平等的。
Blue skies will not be, and should not be, a luxury.
蓝天在未来不会也不应该成为奢侈品。
Turkey’s president ratcheted up his diplomatic row with the Netherlands on Tuesday, claiming the country had a “rotten character” and blaming Dutch troops for the worst massacre in Europe since the second world war.
周二，土耳其总统雷杰普?塔伊普?埃尔多安(Recep Tayyip Erdogan)对荷兰的外交声讨升级，他宣称荷兰“品德败坏”，并认为荷兰军队对二战以来欧洲最恶劣的大屠杀难辞其咎。
The remarks by Recep Tayyip Erdogan come less than 24 hours before Dutch voters go to the polls in a national election that has been coloured by a heated debate about the role of Islam in Dutch society, spurred by anti-Islam candidate Geert Wilders. Mr Wilders’ Freedom party (PVV) is polling second in the race.
埃尔多安发表上述言论之际，距荷兰大选投票已不足24个小时——反伊斯兰候选人海尔特?维尔德斯(Geert Wilders)引发的围绕伊斯兰在荷兰社会中角色的热烈辩论，让本次大选变得格外有看头。维尔德斯的自由党(PVV)目前在民调中排名第二。
“We know the Netherlands and the Dutch from the Srebrenica massacre,” Mr Erdogan said, invoking the most shameful episode in modern Dutch history. “We know how rotten their character is from their massacre of 8,000 Bosnians there.”
“我们从斯雷布雷尼察大屠杀事件了解了荷兰和荷兰人是什么样的，”埃尔多安说起现代荷兰历史上最可耻的一幕，“我们从他们屠杀那里的8000名波斯尼亚人就知道，他们品德败坏到何等地步。”
In 1995 Dutch troops serving as UN peacekeepers failed to prevent Bosnian Serb forces murdering 8,000 Muslim men and boys in the town of Srebrenica in eastern Bosnia.
1995年，荷兰维和部队未能阻止波黑塞族军队在位于波黑东部的斯雷布雷尼察杀害8000名穆斯林男子和男孩。
Mr Erdogan’s escalation comes in the midst of a vitriolic tit-for-tat between Ankara and The Hague, which began at the weekend after Dutch officials barred Turkish ministers from campaigning in Turkish communities inside the Netherlands.
埃尔多安对荷兰的声讨升级发生在这样一个时刻：上周末，在荷兰官员禁止土耳其部长在荷兰国内的土耳其社区拉票之后，安卡拉与海牙之间开始了一场针锋相对的相互报复。
Turkey’s ministers have been rallying Turkish expat communities across Europe to win support for Erdogan-backed constitutional changes, which will be voted on in a referendum next month.
土耳其部长们近来一直在欧洲各地的土耳其社区举行集会，以争取海外土耳其人对埃尔多安发起的宪法改革的支持——土耳其将于下个月就修宪举行公投。
Mark Rutte, the Dutch prime minister whose People’s Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) is slightly ahead of the PVV, has seen his poll numbers rise in recent days because of his hardline stance with Ankara. On Tuesday he called Mr Erdogan’s comments “a disgusting distortion of history”, adding: “We will not lower ourselves to this level. It is totally unacceptable.”
荷兰首相马克?吕特(Mark Rutte)最近由于对安卡拉立场强硬而在民调中排名上升。吕特所属的自由民主人民党(VVD)在民调中略微领先自由党。周二，他将埃尔多安的言论称为“对历史令人恶心的歪曲”，还称“我们不会自甘堕落至这种水平。这完全不可接受”。
Earlier on Tuesday Mr Rutte had issued a call for calm in the dispute with Turkey.
周二早些时候，吕特呼吁在与土耳其的争执中保持冷静。
Mr Erdogan, who has also benefited domestically from the row with Mr Rutte, has sought to broaden his diplomatic dispute to take on all of the EU, particularly Germany, which has had similar run-ins with Ankara over campaigning in Germany’s large Turkish community.
埃尔多安在国内也受益于与吕特的争执，他寻求将外交争端扩大至针对所有欧盟国家，尤其是德国，后者同样因土耳其在德国的大型土耳其社区拉票而与安卡拉发生争执。
The Turkish president said Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, was “no different from the Netherlands” and urged émigré Turks not to vote for “the government and the racists” in upcoming European elections. Ms Merkel faces a tough re-election bid in September.
埃尔多安表示，德国总理安格拉?默克尔(Angela Merkel)“与荷兰没有什么不同”，并敦促移居海外的土耳其人不要在即将到来的欧洲选举中投票支持“现任政府和种族主义者”。要在今年9月成功竞选连任，默克尔面临一场硬仗。
On Tuesday Saarland became the first German region to ban campaigning by foreign politicians. Several German local councils had called off planned Turkish ministers’ campaign meetings on technical grounds, such as fire safety.
周二，萨尔州成为德国第一个禁止外国政客拉票的地区。德国数个地方议会基于消防安全等技术原因，取消了土耳其部长们原计划的拉票集会。
The diplomatic row began when Ankara’s foreign minister was denied entry to the Netherlands on Saturday for a campaign rally in favour of Mr Erdogan’s constitutional reforms. Armed Dutch police also intercepted another Turkish minister, Fatma Betul Sayan Kaya, on her way to the rally in Rotterdam and escorted her back to the German border.
上周六，土耳其外交部长被禁止入境荷兰参加为埃尔多安宪法改革争取支持的拉票活动，两国间这场外交风波由此开始。全副武装的荷兰警方还在土耳其另一位部长法蒂玛?贝图?萨扬?卡亚(Fatma Betul Sayan Kaya)前往鹿特丹的集会途中将其拦下，并护送至荷德边境。
In a televised debate on Monday night, Mr Wilders called on the Netherlands to expel the Turkish ambassador.
维尔德斯在周一晚上的电视辩论中呼吁荷兰将土耳其大使驱逐出境。
“That’s the difference between tweeting from your couch and governing the country. If you govern the country, you have to take sensible decisions, and that isn’t sensible,” Mr Rutte replied.
吕特回应称：“这就是坐在沙发上发推特与治理国家的区别。如果你在治理这个国家，你就得做明智的决定，而驱逐大使是不明智的。”
On Monday night, Ankara confirmed that the Dutch ambassador would not be welcome to return to Turkey.
周一晚间，安卡拉方面证实，不欢迎荷兰驻土耳其大使返回土耳其。
Federica Mogherini, the EU’s foreign policy chief, and Johannes Hahn, the bloc’s enlargement commissioner, have also weighed in, criticising Mr Erdogan’s proposed constitutional changes and his recent rhetoric.
欧盟外交政策高级代表费代丽卡?莫盖里尼(Federica Mogherini)和欧盟扩大事务专员约翰内斯?哈恩(Johannes Hahn)也表明立场，批评埃尔多安提议的宪法改革及其最近的言辞。
Turkey’s foreign ministry angrily rejected the EU criticism. “The EU should realise that the statement fuels extremism, such as xenophobia and anti-Turkish sentiments, because the call to refrain from excessive statements and actions that risk further exacerbating the situation is made only to Turkey, instead of the countries that caused this situation by violating diplomatic conventions and international law,” it said.
土耳其外交部愤怒地驳斥了欧盟的批评。它说：“欧盟应该意识到，这种声明助长了极端主义，比如仇外和反土耳其情绪，因为它对避免过分言论和行动以免局势进一步恶化的呼吁，针对的只是土耳其，而不是所有违反外交公约和国际法、从而导致了这种局面的国家。”
Russia and Nato have both called for a de-escalation of the Turkey-Netherlands row.
俄罗斯和北约(Nato)都呼吁缓和土耳其与荷兰的争执。
During Monday night’s debate Mr Rutte reiterated that he would not form a coalition government with Mr Wilders’ party, even ruling out forming a government that relied on support from the anti-immigration party. “I’m not going to work with such a party again,” said Mr Rutte, whose first minority government was propped up by PVV after the 2010 elections.
吕特在周一晚间的辩论中重申，他不会与维尔德斯所属的政党组建联合政府，他甚至还表示不可能组建一个依赖这个反移民政党支持的政府。吕特表示：“我不会再次与这样的政党合作。”在2010年选举之后，吕特组建的首个少数派政府受到自由党的支持。
In response, Mr Wilders labelled Mr Rutte a liar, citing the prime minister’s broken pledge not to support a bailout of Greece during the 2012 election.
作为回应，维尔德斯把吕特归为骗子，指责后者未能遵守在2012年选举期间做出的不支持纾困希腊的承诺。
Polls indicate that the Dutch election will be extremely tight. Mr Rutte’s centre-right VVD sits atop most polls, just 3 percentage points ahead of the PVV. Most polls show a large percentage of voters remain undecided.
民调显示，荷兰选举将是一场胶着战。吕特所属的中右翼自由民主人民党在大多数民调中位居榜首，但仅领先自由党3个百分点。大多数民调显示很大一部分选民仍未做出决定。
Several other parties have support that is only slightly lower, including the centrist liberal D66, the Christian Democratic Appeal and leftwing GreenLeft.
其他数个政党的支持率只是略低于上述两党，包括持中间立场的自由派政党民主66 (D66)、基督教民主联盟(Christian Democratic Appeal)和左翼的绿色左翼党(GreenLeft)。
Additional reporting from Stefan Wagstyl in Berlin
斯蒂芬?韦格斯蒂尔(Stefan Wagstyl)柏林补充报道
It came as no surprise that the likes of Emily Ratajkowski, Adriana Lima, Lily Donaldson and Petra Nemcova turned out to be the red carpet rulers on day one of the 70th Cannes Film Festival.
在第七十届戛纳电影节的第一天，像艾米莉·拉塔基科斯基、阿德里亚娜·利马、莉莉·唐纳森以及皮德拉·尼姆科娃这样的人最终称霸红毯一点也不奇怪。
Emily Ratajkowski managed to steal the show, opting for a seriously saucy twist on the classic ballgown. Opting for a semi-sheer lacey black number, the We Are Your Friends actress ensured her world-famous figure was on display.
艾米莉·拉塔基科斯基想（在红毯秀上）抢镜头，她选择了一件经典的舞会礼服，礼服上编织着非常别致的花纹。这位出演了《我们是你的朋友》这部影片的女演员选择了一件黑色半透明且有着精致的透空图案的礼服来展示自己举世闻名的身材。
Adriana Lima, 35, slipped into a figure-hugging white strapless number. The Brazilian model went for a simple and chic look, tying her locks up and wearing a statement necklace, which was dripping with diamonds.
35岁的阿德里亚娜·利马身着一件凸显身材的白色抹胸式礼服。这位巴西模特选择了简单又时髦的装扮，她把头发扎了起来，戴着一条抢眼的项链，项链上缀满了钻石。
Czech model Petra Nemcova went for a dress in white, which featured an extremely plunging neckline and thigh-high split. Ensuring that both her lithe legs were highlighted to the max, the stunning blonde made sure all eyes were on her as she sashayed down the red carpet.
捷克模特皮德拉·尼姆科娃选择了一件白色连衣裙，这件裙子的特色就是深V领口以及长及大腿的裙摆开叉。这位极有魅力的金发女郎极力突出自己轻盈的美腿，确保自己走上红毯的时候可以吸引所有人的目光。
British golden girl, Lily Donaldson - who has been a cover girl for the likes of Vogue - showcased her own sultry take on summer style, wearing a white semi-sheer, strapless dress to the event. The 30-year-old model looked simply sensational in the nearly transparent number.
这位备受欢迎的英国女孩莉莉·唐纳森曾担任过“Vogue”这类时尚杂志的封面女郎，她展示了自己性感迷人的夏装，身着一件白色半透明的抹胸连衣裙参加了此次活动。这位三十岁的模特穿着一件近乎透明的礼服，看上去漂亮极了。
Another fashion high-flyer making her mark on the first day of the world-famous festival was Winnie Harlow. The Canadian model - who has the skin condition vitiligo - nearly took Emily's crown, as she made a play for the attention with her elegant belle of the ball outfit.
另一位对时尚颇有野心的人就是温妮·哈洛，她在这场举世闻名的节庆活动的第一天即崭露头角。这位患有白斑病的加拿大模特几乎抢了艾米莉的风头，她用自己优雅的舞会礼服吸引了众人的关注。
Having reached the current stage of development, China can now advance only through reform and innovation. We have the largest quality workforce as well as the largest pool of scientists, engineers and professionals in the world, and their potential for innovation is truly tremendous.
我国发展到现在这个阶段，不靠改革创新没有出路。我们拥有世界上数量最多、素质较高的劳动力，有最大规模的科技和专业技能人才队伍，蕴藏着巨大的创新潜能。
We must make dedicated efforts to deliver services to the people, resolve the difficulties they face, promote social equity and justice, and demonstrate that development does better people’s lives.
我们要咬定青山不放松，持之以恒为群众办实事、解难事，促进社会公平正义，把发展硬道理更多体现在增进人民福祉上。
The system for ensuring responsibility is taken for poverty elimination will be effectively enforced, the strictest possible evaluations and assessments of poverty alleviation will be carried out, and stern measures will be taken to address deception, falsification, and the manipulation of numbers in poverty elimination work. We must see that the results of our poverty elimination earn the approval of our people and stand the test of time.
切实落实脱贫攻坚责任制，实施最严格的评估考核，严肃查处假脱贫、“被脱贫”、数字脱贫，确保脱贫得到群众认可、经得起历史检验。
To see that businesses and the public benefit more from our reforms to streamline administration, delegate powers, and improve regulation and services, we must cut red tape, level the playing field, provide greater convenience, and remove that last crucial hurdle.
我们一定要让企业和群众更多感受到“放管服”改革成效，着力打通“最后一公里”，坚决除烦苛之弊、施公平之策、开便利之门。
The fundamentals of the Chinese economy remain sound, the capital adequacy ratio and provision coverage of commercial bans remain high, and we have many financial tools and instruments that can be used. We have the confidence, the ability, and the means to forestall systemic risks.
我国经济基本面好，商业银行资本充足率、拨备覆盖率比较高，可动用的工具和手段多。对守住不发生系统性金融风险的底线，我们有信心和底气、有能力和办法。
We will promote coordinated urban development above and below the ground, and begin construction on at least another 2,000 kilometers of underground utility tunnels in cities. A three-year initiative will be launched to remove the risk of flooding in highly vulnerable urban areas; and further progress will be made in the development of sponge cities. All these efforts will make our cities more attractive and function better.
统筹城市地上地下建设，再开工建设城市地下综合管廊2000公里以上，启动消除城区重点易涝区段三年行动，推进海绵城市建设，使城市既有“面子”、更有“里子”。
We will promote workmanship and foster a culture of workmanship where workers have a strong ethic and tirelessly seek improvement. We will see great numbers of Chinese workers exemplify workmanship and more Chinese brands enjoy international recognition. We will usher in an era of quality for economic development in China.
要大力弘扬工匠精神，厚植工匠文化，恪尽职业操守，崇尚精益求精，培育众多“中国工匠”，打造更多享誉世界的“中国品牌”，推动中国经济发展进入质量时代。
Faster progress in work to improve environment, particularly air quality, is what people are desperately hoping for, and is critical to sustainable development. We must adopt well-designed policies, tackle both symptoms and root causes, and take tough steps to make the grade in responding to the people.
加快改善生态环境特别是空气质量，是人民群众的迫切愿望，是可持续发展的内在要求。必须科学施策、标本兼治、铁腕治理，努力向人民群众交出合格答卷。
Employment is crucial to ensuring people’s well-being. We will focus our efforts on facilitating employment to see that through their hard work, people can create wealth and realize their full potential.
我们必须牢牢抓住就业这一民生之本，让人们在劳动中创造财富，在奋斗中实现人生价值。
We will improve mechanisms that give incentives and allow for and address mistakes so as to support those who are dedicated to their work and stand behind those who live up to their responsibilities. Every one of us in government must take an active approach to our work and have the courage to tackle the toughest problems, we must work closely with the people, using concrete action to make progress in development, and using genuine hard work to realize a bright future.
健全激励机制和容错纠错机制，给干事者鼓劲，为担当者撑腰。广大干部要主动作为、动真碰硬，与人民群众同心协力，以实干推动发展，以实干赢得未来。
Beijing is banning Chinese tour groups from visiting South Korea, the latest retaliation against the planned Korean deployment of the US-built Thaad missile shield, according to two people with knowledge of the plans.
根据两位了解相关计划的人士的说法，中国政府正在禁止中国旅游团体赴韩国旅游，这是对韩国拟部署美制萨德(Thaad)反导系统的最新报复手段。
Wang Ki-young, a director at South Korea’s culture ministry, said on Friday that Chinese authorities had ordered tourism agencies in Beijing to halt tours to South Korea from mid-March. Mr Wang said the move would be expanded to other provinces.
韩国文化部一位名叫黄记泳（Wang Ki-young，音译）的主管周五表示，中国当局已要求北京的旅行社从3月中旬起停止韩国游项目。黄记泳表示，此举或扩展至其他省份。
Meanwhile, a salesman from online travel company Tuniu Corp told the Financial Times that it had on Friday “removed all tours to South Korea due to the Thaad issue”. A search for South Korean tours on the website returns the message: “Sorry, we have not found a relevant product.”
与此同时，在线旅游公司途牛(Tuniu)一名销售人员告诉英国《金融时报》，该公司周五已“因萨德问题取消了所有韩国游”。在该网站上搜索韩国游，会弹出一则消息：“ 抱歉，没有找到符合条件的产品。”
Written instructions apparently issued by China’s tourism administration, shown to the FT by one Beijing travel agent, order agencies to cancel group tours to South Korea booked for after March 15 and add that companies not in compliance could be fined or have their licences revoked. The tourism administration was not immediately available for comment.
北京一家旅行社向英国《金融时报》展示了一份疑似由中国国家旅游局发出的书面指示。该文件要求旅行社取消预订在3月15日之后成行的组团游，并表示不遵守该指示的企业会被罚款或吊销执照。中国国家旅游局未能马上置评此事。
However, five Beijing-based travel agents said they were still selling South Korea tours for March, as was China’s largest online travel company Ctrip. Representatives at the top three state-owned airline carriers in China told Bloomberg they had not received instructions to halt ticket sales to the country.
不过，五家总部驻北京的旅行社表示，他们仍在销售3月份的韩国游产品，而中国最大在线旅游公司携程(Ctrip)也做了同样表态。中国三大国有航空公司的代表向彭博(Bloomberg)表示，他们并未收到要求停止销售赴韩国机票的指示。
Beijing has responded with increasing rancour against Seoul’s decision to deploy Thaad, the Terminal High Altitude Area Defence platform. While South Korea insists the system is for defending itself against North Korean missiles, China fears the technology will allow an ally of the US to spy on its military developments.
对于韩国部署萨德的决定，中国政府已经以越来越大的愤怒加以回应。尽管韩国坚称该系统旨在保护韩国免受朝鲜导弹的打击，中国却担心该技术会令这个美国的盟国查探中国的军事动向。
“This could be just the beginning,” said Michael Na, a strategist in Seoul with Nomura.?“They have so many options to punish Korean businesses.”
野村证券驻首尔策略师Michael Na表示：“这可能只是个开始。要惩罚韩国企业，他们有如此多的选项。”
He added that “almost every major Korean company, including Hyundai Motor and AmorePacific, relies heavily on Chinese sales”.
他还表示“包括现代汽车(Hyundai Motor)和爱茉莉太平洋(AmorePacific)在内，几乎每家韩国大企业都严重依赖对华销售。”
Shares in Hyundai and AmorePacific slid on Friday, down 4.4 per cent and 12.5 per cent respectively in late afternoon trading in Seoul.
周五，现代和爱茉莉太平洋的股价出现下跌，在首尔下午晚些时候的交易中分别下跌4.4%和12.5%。
Several South Korea-linked entities have already felt Beijing’s wrath in response to the Thaad plans. Chinese state news agency Xinhua last month issued a stark warning to Lotte, one of South Korea’s biggest companies, for giving up land on which the Thaad platform will be hosted.
几家与韩国有关系的机构已经感受到了北京方面对萨德计划的怒火。上个月，由于乐天(Lotte)出让土地用于部署萨德平台，中国官方新闻机构新华社(Xinhua)向乐天发出了强硬警告。乐天是韩国最大的企业之一。
“Lotte will hurt the Chinese people and the consequences could be severe,” said the report, which followed a string of government probes into the company’s business interests in China.
该报道表示：“乐天将伤害中国人民，后果可能是严重的。”该报道发表之后，中国政府对乐天在中国的商业集团开展了多起调查。
Mr Na said that although South Korea had signed a trade agreement with China, there were plenty of other ways in which Beijing could punish Seoul.
Michael Na表示，尽管韩国已经和中国签署了贸易协议，中国政府仍有足够多的其他方式惩罚韩国政府。
“If they, say, delay a customary process for Korean imports and take other retaliatory measures on Korean products, there is nothing Korea can do about it,” he said.
他说：“比如说，如果他们拖延从韩国进口的海关流程并采取对韩国商品的其他报复举措，韩国政府对此将无能为力。”
Chinese tourism to South Korea has boomed in recent years, delighting retailers but irking domestic tourists who have found the country’s attractions swamped with visitors.
最近几年，中国赴韩旅游出现了蓬勃发展，这让韩国的零售商高兴不已，不过也激怒了韩国国内的游客，因为他们发现韩国旅游景点被来访游客淹没。
There were more than 8m Chinese tourist arrivals in the country last year — up 36 per cent year-on-year, said Mr Wang. The numbers had continued to increase even after Seoul announced the deployment of Thaad, he added.
黄记泳表示，去年赴韩旅游的中国游客超过800万人，同比增长36%。他还表示，甚至在韩国政府宣布部署萨德之后，该数字也曾继续上升。
China’s tourism administration issued a notice on Friday confirming reports that Chinese travellers had been denied entry to South Korea’s Jeju island in recent months for holding incomplete travel documentation. It reminded citizens to “select travel destinations with caution”.
中国国家旅游局周五发出通知，确认了最近几个月中国游客因所持旅游文件不完整而被拒进入韩国济州岛的报道。该机构提醒中国公民“慎重选择旅游目的地”。
Additional reporting by Tom Hancock in Shanghai
汤姆?汉考克(Tom Hancock)上海补充报道
A review of our work in 2016
一、2016年工作回顾
The economy has registered a slower but stable performance with good momentum for growth.
经济运行缓中趋稳、稳中向好；
GDP reached 74.4 trillion yuan, representing 6.7-percent growth.
国内生产总值达到74.4万亿元，增长6.7%；
The CPI rose by 2 percent.
居民消费价格上涨2%；
With an 8.5-percent increase in profits, industrial enterprises reversed the previous year's negative growth of 2.3 percent.
工业企业利润由上年下降2.3%转为增长8.5%；
Employment growth exceeded projections.
就业增长超出预期；
A total of 13.14 million new urban jobs were added.
全年城镇新增就业1314万人；
The registered urban unemployment rate stood at 4.02 percent at year-end 2016, the lowest level in years.
年末城镇登记失业率4.02%，为多年来最低；
Initial success was achieved in supply-side structural reform.
供给侧结构性改革初见成效；
The value created by the service sector rose to 51.6 percent of GDP.
服务业增加值占国内生产总值比重上升到51.6%；
People were busy launching businesses or making innovations.
大众创业、万众创新广泛开展；
Personal per capita disposable income increased by 6.3 percent in real terms.
全国居民人均可支配收入实际增长6.3%；
The number of people living in poverty in rural areas was reduced by 12.4 million.
农村贫困人口减少1240万；
Overseas trips exceeded 120 million.
出境旅游超过1.2亿人次；
The M2 money supply increased by 11.3 percent, below our projected target of around 13 percent.
广义货币M2增长11.3%，低于13％左右的预期目标；
We took further steps to implement the Internet Plus action plan and the national big data strategy.
深入推进“互联网+”行动和国家大数据战略；
A 9.1-percent drop in the annual average density of fine particulate matter (PM2.5) was seen in 74 major cities.
74个重点城市细颗粒物（PM2.5）年均浓度下降9.1%；
What the government will do in 2017
二、2017年工作总体部署
Key projected targets for development this year:
今年发展的主要预期目标是：
GDP growth of around 6.5 percent, or higher if possible in practice.
国内生产总值增长6.5%左右，在实际工作中争取更好结果；
CPI increase kept around 3 percent.
居民消费价格涨幅3%左右；
Over 11 million new urban jobs, and a registered urban unemployment rate within 4.5 percent.
城镇新增就业1100万人以上，城镇登记失业率4.5%以内；
We will continue to pursue a proactive fiscal policy and a prudent monetary policy.
继续实施积极的财政政策和稳健的货币政策。
Major areas of work for 2017
三、2017年重点工作任务
Pushing ahead with the five priority tasks through reform
3.1 用改革的办法深入推进“三去一降一补”。
Take solid and effective steps to cut overcapacity
扎实有效去产能。
Take targeted policies to cut excess urban real estate inventory
因城施策去库存。
Carry out deleveraging in an active and prudent way.
积极稳妥去杠杆。
Take multiple measures to cut costs.
多措并举降成本。
Take targeted and powerful measures to strengthen areas of weakness.
精准加力补短板。
Deepening reform in major sectors and key links
3.2 深化重要领域和关键环节改革
We will continue to transform government function.
持续推进政府职能转变。
We will continue to reform fiscal and tax systems.
继续推进财税体制改革。
We will advance reforms in the financial sector.
抓好金融体制改革。
We will speed up the reform of SOEs and state capital.
加快推进国企国资改革。
We will do more to energize the non-public sector.
更好激发非公有制经济活力。
We will improve the property rights protection system.
加强产权保护制度建设。
We will make a big push for progress in the reform of the social system.
大力推进社会体制改革。
We will deepen institutional reform to build a sound ecological environment.
深化生态文明体制改革。
Doing more to unleash the potential of domestic demand
3.3 进一步释放国内需求潜力
We will promote a steady increase in consumer spending.
促进消费稳定增长。
We will work proactively to expand effective investment.
积极扩大有效投资。
We will improve planning for regional development.
优化区域发展格局。
We will take solid steps to pursue a new type of urbanization.
扎实推进新型城镇化。
Transforming and upgrading the real economy through innovation
3.4 以创新引领实体经济转型升级
We will strengthen our capability for making technological innovations.
提升科技创新能力。
We will accelerate the development of emerging industries.
加快培育壮大新兴产业。
We will endeavor to transform and upgrade traditional industries.
大力改造提升传统产业。
We will continue to encourage people to start businesses and make innovations.
持续推进大众创业、万众创新。
We will take comprehensive steps to improve product quality.
全面提升质量水平。
Promote steady development of agriculture and continued increases in rural incomes
3.5 促进农业稳定发展和农民持续增收
We will push forward with structural adjustment in agriculture.
推进农业结构调整。
We will boost the development of modern agriculture.
加强现代农业建设。
We will deepen rural reform.
深化农村改革。
We will step up the development of public facilities in rural areas.
加强农村公共设施建设。
Actively expanding China's opening up to the world
3.6 积极主动扩大对外开放
We will make solid efforts to pursue the Belt and Road Initiative.
扎实推进“一带一路”建设。
We will ensure that foreign trade continues to pick up and register steady growth.
促进外贸继续回稳向好。
We will make big moves to improve the environment for foreign investors.
大力优化外商投资环境。
We will promote the liberalization and facilitation of international trade and investment.
推进国际贸易和投资自由化便利化。
Effectively strengthening environmental protection
3.7 加大生态环境保护治理力度
We will make our skies blue again.
坚决打好蓝天保卫战。
We will strengthen the prevention and control of water and soil pollution.
强化水、土壤污染防治。
We will move forward with ecological conservation and improvement.
推进生态保护和建设。
Promoting social development to ensure and improve the wellbeing of our people
3.8 推进以保障和改善民生为重点的社会建设
We will strive to boost employment and business startups.
大力促进就业创业。
We will work to ensure that our people have access to equitable and quality education.
办好公平优质教育。
We will make continued progress in building a Healthy China.
推进健康中国建设。
We will weave a strong safety net to ensure people's wellbeing.
织密扎牢民生保障网。
We will develop cultural programs and industries.
发展文化事业和文化产业。
We will explore new forms of social governance.
推动社会治理创新。
We will ensure workplace safety and people's lives.
人命关天，安全至上。
Strengthening the all-around improvement of government
3.9 全面加强政府自身建设
We will continue to work to see that government functions are fully carried out in accordance with law.
坚持依法全面履职。
We will maintain ethical conduct and moral integrity at all times.
始终保持廉洁本色。
We will perform with a strong work ethic, sense of responsibility, and enterprising spirit.
勤勉尽责干事创业。
Having reached the current stage of development, China can now advance only through reform and innovation. We have the largest quality workforce as well as the largest pool of scientists, engineers and professionals in the world, and their potential for innovation is truly tremendous.
我国发展到现在这个阶段，不靠改革创新没有出路。我们拥有世界上数量最多、素质较高的劳动力，有最大规模的科技和专业技能人才队伍，蕴藏着巨大的创新潜能。
We must make dedicated efforts to deliver services to the people, resolve the difficulties they face, promote social equity and justice, and demonstrate that development does better people’s lives.
我们要咬定青山不放松，持之以恒为群众办实事、解难事，促进社会公平正义，把发展硬道理更多体现在增进人民福祉上。
The system for ensuring responsibility is taken for poverty elimination will be effectively enforced, the strictest possible evaluations and assessments of poverty alleviation will be carried out, and stern measures will be taken to address deception, falsification, and the manipulation of numbers in poverty elimination work. We must see that the results of our poverty elimination earn the approval of our people and stand the test of time.
切实落实脱贫攻坚责任制，实施最严格的评估考核，严肃查处假脱贫、“被脱贫”、数字脱贫，确保脱贫得到群众认可、经得起历史检验。
To see that businesses and the public benefit more from our reforms to streamline administration, delegate powers, and improve regulation and services, we must cut red tape, level the playing field, provide greater convenience, and remove that last crucial hurdle.
我们一定要让企业和群众更多感受到“放管服”改革成效，着力打通“最后一公里”，坚决除烦苛之弊、施公平之策、开便利之门。
The fundamentals of the Chinese economy remain sound, the capital adequacy ratio and provision coverage of commercial bans remain high, and we have many financial tools and instruments that can be used. We have the confidence, the ability, and the means to forestall systemic risks.
我国经济基本面好，商业银行资本充足率、拨备覆盖率比较高，可动用的工具和手段多。对守住不发生系统性金融风险的底线，我们有信心和底气、有能力和办法。
We will promote coordinated urban development above and below the ground, and begin construction on at least another 2,000 kilometers of underground utility tunnels in cities. A three-year initiative will be launched to remove the risk of flooding in highly vulnerable urban areas; and further progress will be made in the development of sponge cities. All these efforts will make our cities more attractive and function better.
统筹城市地上地下建设，再开工建设城市地下综合管廊2000公里以上，启动消除城区重点易涝区段三年行动，推进海绵城市建设，使城市既有“面子”、更有“里子”。
We will promote workmanship and foster a culture of workmanship where workers have a strong ethic and tirelessly seek improvement. We will see great numbers of Chinese workers exemplify workmanship and more Chinese brands enjoy international recognition. We will usher in an era of quality for economic development in China.
要大力弘扬工匠精神，厚植工匠文化，恪尽职业操守，崇尚精益求精，培育众多“中国工匠”，打造更多享誉世界的“中国品牌”，推动中国经济发展进入质量时代。
Faster progress in work to improve environment, particularly air quality, is what people are desperately hoping for, and is critical to sustainable development. We must adopt well-designed policies, tackle both symptoms and root causes, and take tough steps to make the grade in responding to the people.
加快改善生态环境特别是空气质量，是人民群众的迫切愿望，是可持续发展的内在要求。必须科学施策、标本兼治、铁腕治理，努力向人民群众交出合格答卷。
Employment is crucial to ensuring people’s well-being. We will focus our efforts on facilitating employment to see that through their hard work, people can create wealth and realize their full potential.
我们必须牢牢抓住就业这一民生之本，让人们在劳动中创造财富，在奋斗中实现人生价值。
We will improve mechanisms that give incentives and allow for and address mistakes so as to support those who are dedicated to their work and stand behind those who live up to their responsibilities. Every one of us in government must take an active approach to our work and have the courage to tackle the toughest problems, we must work closely with the people, using concrete action to make progress in development, and using genuine hard work to realize a bright future.
健全激励机制和容错纠错机制，给干事者鼓劲，为担当者撑腰。广大干部要主动作为、动真碰硬，与人民群众同心协力，以实干推动发展，以实干赢得未来。
Beijing is banning Chinese tour groups from visiting South Korea, the latest retaliation against the planned Korean deployment of the US-built Thaad missile shield, according to two people with knowledge of the plans.
根据两位了解相关计划的人士的说法，中国政府正在禁止中国旅游团体赴韩国旅游，这是对韩国拟部署美制萨德(Thaad)反导系统的最新报复手段。
Wang Ki-young, a director at South Korea’s culture ministry, said on Friday that Chinese authorities had ordered tourism agencies in Beijing to halt tours to South Korea from mid-March. Mr Wang said the move would be expanded to other provinces.
韩国文化部一位名叫黄记泳（Wang Ki-young，音译）的主管周五表示，中国当局已要求北京的旅行社从3月中旬起停止韩国游项目。黄记泳表示，此举或扩展至其他省份。
Meanwhile, a salesman from online travel company Tuniu Corp told the Financial Times that it had on Friday “removed all tours to South Korea due to the Thaad issue”. A search for South Korean tours on the website returns the message: “Sorry, we have not found a relevant product.”
与此同时，在线旅游公司途牛(Tuniu)一名销售人员告诉英国《金融时报》，该公司周五已“因萨德问题取消了所有韩国游”。在该网站上搜索韩国游，会弹出一则消息：“ 抱歉，没有找到符合条件的产品。”
Written instructions apparently issued by China’s tourism administration, shown to the FT by one Beijing travel agent, order agencies to cancel group tours to South Korea booked for after March 15 and add that companies not in compliance could be fined or have their licences revoked. The tourism administration was not immediately available for comment.
北京一家旅行社向英国《金融时报》展示了一份疑似由中国国家旅游局发出的书面指示。该文件要求旅行社取消预订在3月15日之后成行的组团游，并表示不遵守该指示的企业会被罚款或吊销执照。中国国家旅游局未能马上置评此事。
However, five Beijing-based travel agents said they were still selling South Korea tours for March, as was China’s largest online travel company Ctrip. Representatives at the top three state-owned airline carriers in China told Bloomberg they had not received instructions to halt ticket sales to the country.
不过，五家总部驻北京的旅行社表示，他们仍在销售3月份的韩国游产品，而中国最大在线旅游公司携程(Ctrip)也做了同样表态。中国三大国有航空公司的代表向彭博(Bloomberg)表示，他们并未收到要求停止销售赴韩国机票的指示。
Beijing has responded with increasing rancour against Seoul’s decision to deploy Thaad, the Terminal High Altitude Area Defence platform. While South Korea insists the system is for defending itself against North Korean missiles, China fears the technology will allow an ally of the US to spy on its military developments.
对于韩国部署萨德的决定，中国政府已经以越来越大的愤怒加以回应。尽管韩国坚称该系统旨在保护韩国免受朝鲜导弹的打击，中国却担心该技术会令这个美国的盟国查探中国的军事动向。
“This could be just the beginning,” said Michael Na, a strategist in Seoul with Nomura.?“They have so many options to punish Korean businesses.”
野村证券驻首尔策略师Michael Na表示：“这可能只是个开始。要惩罚韩国企业，他们有如此多的选项。”
He added that “almost every major Korean company, including Hyundai Motor and AmorePacific, relies heavily on Chinese sales”.
他还表示“包括现代汽车(Hyundai Motor)和爱茉莉太平洋(AmorePacific)在内，几乎每家韩国大企业都严重依赖对华销售。”
Shares in Hyundai and AmorePacific slid on Friday, down 4.4 per cent and 12.5 per cent respectively in late afternoon trading in Seoul.
周五，现代和爱茉莉太平洋的股价出现下跌，在首尔下午晚些时候的交易中分别下跌4.4%和12.5%。
Several South Korea-linked entities have already felt Beijing’s wrath in response to the Thaad plans. Chinese state news agency Xinhua last month issued a stark warning to Lotte, one of South Korea’s biggest companies, for giving up land on which the Thaad platform will be hosted.
几家与韩国有关系的机构已经感受到了北京方面对萨德计划的怒火。上个月，由于乐天(Lotte)出让土地用于部署萨德平台，中国官方新闻机构新华社(Xinhua)向乐天发出了强硬警告。乐天是韩国最大的企业之一。
“Lotte will hurt the Chinese people and the consequences could be severe,” said the report, which followed a string of government probes into the company’s business interests in China.
该报道表示：“乐天将伤害中国人民，后果可能是严重的。”该报道发表之后，中国政府对乐天在中国的商业集团开展了多起调查。
Mr Na said that although South Korea had signed a trade agreement with China, there were plenty of other ways in which Beijing could punish Seoul.
Michael Na表示，尽管韩国已经和中国签署了贸易协议，中国政府仍有足够多的其他方式惩罚韩国政府。
“If they, say, delay a customary process for Korean imports and take other retaliatory measures on Korean products, there is nothing Korea can do about it,” he said.
他说：“比如说，如果他们拖延从韩国进口的海关流程并采取对韩国商品的其他报复举措，韩国政府对此将无能为力。”
Chinese tourism to South Korea has boomed in recent years, delighting retailers but irking domestic tourists who have found the country’s attractions swamped with visitors.
最近几年，中国赴韩旅游出现了蓬勃发展，这让韩国的零售商高兴不已，不过也激怒了韩国国内的游客，因为他们发现韩国旅游景点被来访游客淹没。
There were more than 8m Chinese tourist arrivals in the country last year — up 36 per cent year-on-year, said Mr Wang. The numbers had continued to increase even after Seoul announced the deployment of Thaad, he added.
黄记泳表示，去年赴韩旅游的中国游客超过800万人，同比增长36%。他还表示，甚至在韩国政府宣布部署萨德之后，该数字也曾继续上升。
China’s tourism administration issued a notice on Friday confirming reports that Chinese travellers had been denied entry to South Korea’s Jeju island in recent months for holding incomplete travel documentation. It reminded citizens to “select travel destinations with caution”.
中国国家旅游局周五发出通知，确认了最近几个月中国游客因所持旅游文件不完整而被拒进入韩国济州岛的报道。该机构提醒中国公民“慎重选择旅游目的地”。
Additional reporting by Tom Hancock in Shanghai
汤姆?汉考克(Tom Hancock)上海补充报道
重点单词
查看全部解释
reform
[ri'f?:m]
想一想再看
v. 改革，改造，革新
n. 改革，改良
联想记忆
X
单词reform 联想记忆：
re再次+form形状→再形成→改革，改造
commission
[k?'min]
想一想再看
n. 委员会，委托，委任，佣金，犯罪
vt.
联想记忆
X
单词commission 联想记忆：
com共同，miss＝mit送－共同送东西到指定处－委托com共同，mission（n 使命，任务）－受了别人的委托，说明你得到了别人的信任，所以这是一种使命。
operate
['?p?reit]
想一想再看
v. 操作，运转，经营，动手术
capacity
[k?'p?siti]
想一想再看
n. 能力，容量，容积; 资格，职位
adj.
联想记忆
X
单词capacity 联想记忆：
cap容纳+acity表名词，“有…倾向”→容量；能力
transport
[tr?ns'p?:t]
想一想再看
n. 运输、运输工具；(常用复数）强烈的情绪（狂喜或狂怒
联想记忆
X
单词transport 联想记忆：
trans转移+port拿，运→移动着拿→运输
pressure
['pre]
想一想再看
n. 压力，压强，压迫
v. 施压
联想记忆
X
单词pressure 联想记忆：
press挤压+ure→压力
previous
['pri:vj?s]
想一想再看
adj. 在 ... 之前，先，前，以前的
联想记忆
X
单词previous 联想记忆：
pne以前+vi路[引申为走]+ous→以前走过的→以前的
deputy
['depjuti]
想一想再看
adj. 代理的，副的
n. 代表，副手
联想记忆
X
单词deputy 联想记忆：
de下，put放－下放权力－代理
administration
[?d.mini'strein]
想一想再看
n. 行政，管理，行政部门
联想记忆
X
单词administration 联想记忆：
ad+(mini小+ster→小人→古代大臣称自己是“小人”→部长，大臣)→做部长→管理，治理+ation→行政，管理
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
These countries performed the best overall in the 2017 Best Countries rankings. The rankings aim to gauge global perceptions of the world’s biggest economies.
以下国家在“2017年最佳国家“整体排名中相当亮眼 。这份排名意在衡量全球最大经济体。
China, the world’s most populous country, ranks No. 20 overall. It is considered to be the third most powerful nation and the second best country in which to start a business.
中国为世界人口最大国，总体排名为二十,被视为第三大强国，“创业最佳国”里排名第二。
10Norway
挪威
Norway, which has twice rejected European Union membership, ranks No. 10 overall. The country takes the No. 1 spot in Citizenship and the No. 2 spot in Most Transparent.
挪威两度拒绝成为欧盟成员国，整体排名为地第十。“公民权益”排名第一，“最透明”国度排名第二。
9France
法国
France, one of the most visited countries in the world, ranks No. 9 overall. It is No. 2 in Cultural Influence and No. 6 in Power.
法国是人们最常去的国家之一，整体排名第九。“文化影响力”排名第二，“强国”排名第六。
8Australia
澳大利亚
Australia is the No. 8 Best Country overall. The Land Down Under – No. 4 in Quality of Life and No. 9 in Adventure – also ranks in the top 10 in terms of education.
澳大利亚整体排名第八，这个位于南半球的国家，“生活质量”排名第四，“冒险指数”排名第九，教育排名第十。
7The United States
美国
The United States ranks No. 7 overall. The country with the largest economy in the world is also considered the most powerful. It ranks No. 3 in Entrepreneurship and No. 3 in Cultural Influence, as well.
美国整体排名第七，是世界最大经济体，也是世界最强国。“创业精神”排名第三，“文化影响力”也排名第三。
6Sweden
瑞典
Sweden, one of the most generous countries in terms of contributing funds to humanitarian aid, ranks No. 6 overall. The country is No. 2 in Citizenship and No. 1 in Best Countries for Green Living.
瑞典就人道主义援助贡献基金而言，属于最慷慨的国家之一，整体排名第六。“公民权益”排名第二，“最佳绿色生活国家”排名第一。
5Japan
日本
Japan, ranked No. 5 overall, is the top performing Asian country. It ranks No. 5 in Movers and No. 1 as the most forward-looking country.
日本总体排名第五，是亚洲表现最优异的国家。“原动力”排名第五，“前瞻性”排名第一。
4Germany
德国
Germany ranks No. 4 overall. The nation ranks No. 10 in Citizenship. It is also No. 1 in Entrepreneurship and No. 3 in Best Countries for Education.
德国总体排名第四。"公民权益”排名第十。“创业精神”排名第一，“教育最佳国家”排名第三。
3The United Kingdom
英国
The United Kingdom ranks No. 3 overall. It ranks No. 4 in Power and No. 5 in Cultural Influence.
英国整体排名第三。“强国”排名第四，“文化影响力”排名第五。
2Canada
加拿大
Canada, the second largest country in the world in terms of landmass, ranks No. 2 overall. It takes top spots in Quality of Life and Best Countries for Education.
加拿大整体排名第二，幅员辽阔，位居世界第二。“生活质量”与“教育最佳国家”均居首位。
1Switzerland
瑞士
Switzerland debuts as the No. 1 Best Country in 2017. The country, well-known for its history of neutrality, ranks No. 3 in Open for Business and No. 3 in Citizenship.
2017年最佳国家瑞士首度排名第一。瑞士以中立而闻名，“乐于谈生意”排名第三，“公民权益”排名第三。
This year, pop's best albums came from strong women who had a lot to say: Lorde's searing look at loneliness, Kesha's raucous statement of liberation, Taylor Swift's reckoning between her self and the version presented in the press.
今年的最佳流行音乐专辑出自几位有许多话要讲的女强人：洛德对孤独的深刻思考，凯莎有关解放的强烈表态；泰勒·斯威夫特就真实的自己与媒体中所呈现的个人形象而与他们算总账。
But pop's wider world also offered a lot of pleasures from artists all over the spectrum, such as the 20th century legends like Blondie and Tori Amos, and upstarts like Dua Lipa and Girl Ray.
不过流行音乐更为广阔的世界也为我们带来了诸多乐趣，这些乐趣来自各个音乐领域的艺术家，例如像金发女郎乐队和托丽·阿莫斯这样的二十世纪的传奇人物，以及像杜阿·里帕和“Girl Ray”（女子射线）组合这样的新秀。
Lorde, 'Melodrama'
洛德《情景剧》
At age 20, the teen prodigy of "Royals" raised the bar, marrying the massive vistas of electronic music alongside the human-scaled and handmade on her second LP, with help from co-producer Jack Antonoff.
这位曾演唱过《Royals》（《皇室贵族》）的少年天才在20岁的时候就在联合制作人杰克·安东诺夫的帮助下更上一层楼，把对电子音乐的无限展望与人类的尺度结合在一起，亲手打造了自己的第二张专辑。
The invulnerable singer broadened into a wider emotional palette – musical too, with guitars and brass lacing through synthetic beats and dub effects. It could recall art-rock godmother Kate Bush (see the single "Green Light").
这位无懈可击的歌手用吉他和铜管乐器合成的节拍和强节奏的音乐效果展现了更为广阔的情感和音乐世界。它会使你回想起艺术摇滚乐教母凯特·布什（你可以去听一下《Green Light》（《绿灯》）这首歌）。
Kesha, 'Rainbow'
凯莎《彩虹》
After her legal travails , anything Kesha released would have a veneer of triumph. But this comeback set was an artistic warrior cry more potent than any might've expected.
在经历了艰辛的法律诉讼之后，凯莎发表的一切都会给人一种胜利的假象。但这张回归专辑用艺术反映了一位勇士的呐喊，并带来了比所有人期望中更为强大的影响力。
It is an acoustic guitar-led anthem and instant lighters-up classic, pivoting into punk-pop with Eagles of Death Metal on "Let 'Em Talk".
凯莎与死亡金属之鹰乐队联合创作了《Let‘Em Talk》（《让他们说去吧》）这首流行朋克风格的歌曲，它以吉他原声为主导，是一首能够瞬间引爆全场的经典之作。
Taylor Swift, 'Reputation'
泰勒·斯威夫特《名誉》
After laying low for months, Taylor made a spectacularly bold return with this new album.
低调了几个月之后，泰勒携新专辑强势回归。
"Look What You Made Me Do" is one for the history books, and pop scholars will likely debate for generations whether it was a brilliant P.R. coup or not.
《Look What You Made Me Do》（《看看你们都让我做了什么》）这首单曲可以载入史册了，流行音乐学者们可能会世世代代地讨论它是否是一次绝妙的公关行动。
Luckily, the singles are only half the story with Reputation. On "Dress," she's high on the rush of a new romantic thrill; on "New Year's Day," she's trying to figure out what she has after the party's over.
幸好这类单曲只是《名誉》这张专辑的一部分。在《Dress》（《连衣裙》）这首歌中，她沉醉于令人激动的新恋情里；在《New Year’s Day》（《新年》）这首歌中，她试着弄明白聚会结束后她还拥有什么。
It adds up to a pointed reminder that Her Royal Swiftness can reclaim her place at pop's cutting edge whenever she feels like it.
这张专辑等于是一次直截了当的暗示，提醒着我们，不论什么时候，只要霉女王想要，她就能拿回自己在流行音乐界的领先地位。
Sam Smith, 'The Thrill of It All'
萨姆·史密斯《痛快感受》
Sam Smith is a fluid soul man, with style channeling Otis Redding, Aretha Franklin and Ray Charles alongside modern icons like Amy Winehouse and Adele.
萨姆·史密斯是一个风格多变的男人，他可以在奥蒂斯·雷丁、艾瑞莎·弗兰克林和雷·查尔斯以及像艾米·怀恩豪斯和阿黛尔这样的现代偶像的风格中随意转换。
The standout is "Him," a tear-jerker about queer love and cultural intolerance that, in its understated way, is an LGBTQ civil rights anthem.
这张专辑中十分突出的一首歌《Him》（《他》）以低调的方式讲述了一个有关同性恋和文化偏执的催人泪下的故事，是一首倡导非异性恋者公民权的歌曲。
Harry Styles, 'Harry Styles'
哈里·斯泰尔斯《哈里·斯泰尔斯》
After a run with One Direction, Harry Styles could have gone anywhere he wanted.
退出单向乐队之后，哈里·斯泰尔斯可以去自己想去的任何地方。
What would he try for his solo move: "Sweet Creature" and "Ever Since New York" are intimate acoustic ballads; while "Kiwi" lets him strut his Oasis-style self at top volume. "Two Ghosts" is a break-up lament .
他会在自己的独唱专辑中尝试什么样的歌曲呢：《Sweet Creature》（《可爱的人儿》）和《Ever Since New York》（《自从来到纽约》）是温馨的原声抒情歌曲；而在《Kiwi》（《奇异果》）这首歌中，他大声地炫耀着自己的欢乐；《Two Ghosts》（《两只幽灵》）则是一首为分手而惋惜的歌曲。
Unlike most boy-band dudes going solo, he never sounds like he's sweating to get taken seriously – he never loses touch with the exuberance and swagger he brought to One Direction in the first place. So get used to this man – you'll be hearing a lot more from him.
他不像多数脱离男子组合单飞的歌手那样，听上去从来都不会像是迫切地想要得到重视。他从未丢掉最初为单向乐队带去的那种热情洋溢和神气十足，所以试着去习惯他，你会从他那里听到更多动听的歌曲。
Paramore, 'After Laughter'
帕拉莫尔《欢笑过后》
The tension between Paramore's high-intensity hooks and withering lyrics explodes into fluorescent colors on After Laughter.
在《After Laughter》（《欢笑过后》）这张专辑中，帕拉莫尔乐队别具一格的音乐技巧和极具讽刺性的歌词焕发出了荧光般的色彩。
Hayley Williams remains a powerful up-front presence, a belter who can croon as convincingly as she can yelp. Her vocal bravado almost makes you forget that After Laughter is an up-close chronicle of her weariness with the world.
海莉·威廉姆斯依然是颇有影响力的重要存在，一位不论是低声哼唱还是大声呐喊都能令人信服的歌手。她直言不讳的勇气几乎使你忘记《欢笑过后》记录的是她对这个世界的厌倦。
Lana Del Rey, 'Lust for Life'
拉娜·德雷《渴望生活》
"You're part of the past, but now you're the future," Lana Del Rey sings on Lust for Life's opening track, "Love".
在《渴望生活》这张专辑的第一首歌《爱》中，拉娜·德雷唱着“过去的一切造就了今天的你，但未来由你决定”。
Whatever she needs to invoke the weightlessness of life in our new not-normal, she takes. "Is it the end of an era? Is it the end of America?" she intones in "When the World Was at War We Kept Dancing." "No, it's only the beginning."
在我们有别于从前的失常状态中，她用所需要的一切使人们联想到生活的失重感。“这是一个时代的终结吗？这是美国的末日吗？”她在《When the World Was at War We Kept Dancing》（《当世界陷入战争之中，我们要继续跳舞》）这首歌中吟唱着。“不，这只是开始。”
Charli XCX, 'Number 1 Angel'
夏洛特·艾玛·艾奇逊《1号天使》
Forever pop's Number One rebel, Charli XCX returned with an excellent surprise mixtape.
流行音乐界永远的一号叛逆者夏洛特·艾玛·艾奇逊带着一张出色又令人惊讶的混合专辑回归了。
With all its eccentric beats and bubblegum, Number 1 Angel feels like the purest distillation of the U.K. star's pop brilliance, whether she's working with up-and-coming rapper Cupcakke on "Lipgloss" or collaborating with M? on "3AM (Pull Up)."
不论是她与最近崭露头角的说唱乐歌手卡布卡克合作的《Lipgloss》（《唇彩》），还是与凯伦·玛丽·奥斯特（M?）合作的《3AM（Pull Up）》（《凌晨3点（停下来）》），《1号天使》这张专辑的怪异节奏和摇滚舞曲感觉就像这位英国明星的流行音乐才华最纯粹的结晶。
Dua Lipa, 'Dua Lipa'
杜阿·里帕《杜阿·里帕》
The singer/songwriter Dua Lipa has been steadily releasing a string of singles since 2015, beginning with the flirty "Be the One" and finally hitting the jackpot with "Hotter Than Hell" – both collected here on her debut album.
自从2015年，唱作人杜阿·里帕就持续发表了一系列单曲，从最初的那首轻佻的《Be the One》（《成为你的唯一》）到最后那首大获成功的《Hotter Than Hell》（《热得过火》），这两首歌都被收录到她的首张专辑中。
She emotes with some of Pink's husky attitude and some of Sia's theatrical so-over-it-ness, but she's a warmer singer than either, whether shrugging off a lover on the self-explanatory "IDGAF" or matching Miguel's intensity on the steamy "Lost in Your Light."
不论是在那首一目了然的《IDGAF》（《我才不在乎呢》）中对情人的不屑一顾，还是在那首狂热的《Lost in Your Light》（《迷失在你的光芒中》）与米格尔热烈的音乐相和，她以些许艾蕾莎·贝丝·摩儿那种深沉的态度和些许希雅那种令人受不了的夸张，强烈地表达着自己的情感，但她也是一位比这两人都要热情的歌手。
Blondie, 'Pollinator'
金发女郎乐队《花粉传播者》
Not every band can sound fresh 40 years into a career, but not every band is Blondie.
不是每个乐队都能在四十年的职业生涯中始终给人以清新的感觉，然而并非每个乐队都是金发女郎。
The album is a refreshingly fun pop gem that traverses New Wave, electro-disco and dance-pop.
这张专辑贯穿了新浪潮音乐、电子舞曲和流行舞曲，是清新悦耳又充满乐趣的流行音乐珍品。
1. Battle of the Sexes
《性别之战》
The husband-and-wife team behind Little Miss Sunshine tackle the 1977 gender war between Bobby Riggs, washed-up 55-year-old tennis pro, and Billie Jean King, the young ace (then No 2 in the world) he challenged to a match.
《阳光小美女》的夫妻档幕后团队将1977年鲍比.里格斯和比利.简.金之间的性别大战拍成了电影。55岁的里格斯是职业网球运动员，他向年轻的王牌选手简.金（当时世界排名第二）发起挑战赛，结果落败。
2. Dunkirk
《敦刻尔克》
This means war: Christopher Nolan's second film not set in the present (or future) is an epic tableau about the rescue of hundreds of thousands of troops from the French coast. Tom Hardy, Mark Rylance, Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy and, er, Harry Styles, star. Think Saving Private Ryan, but saltier.
《敦刻尔克》是克里斯托佛.诺兰第二部背景设定不在当代（或未来）的电影，这部战争片描绘了在敦刻尔克营救数十万大军的史诗般宏大场面。该片由汤姆.哈迪、马克.里朗斯、肯尼斯.布莱纳，斯里安.墨菲以及哈里.斯泰尔丝出演。想一想《拯救大兵瑞恩》，不过比这更刺激。
3. Flying Horse
《飞马》
Gary Oldman's first film as director in 20 years, and only his second ever, is a biopic of the pioneering 19th-century photographer Eadweard Muybridge, focusing on the affair between his wife, Flora, and Harry Larkyns, the theatre critic he kills. No casting confirmed, but Oldman had been chasing Ralph Fiennes and Benedict Cumberbatch. The man himself will play Muybridge's prosecutor.
《飞马》是一部19世纪先驱摄影师埃德沃德.迈布里奇的传记电影，该片是加里.奥德曼近20年来执导的首部电影，也是他人生中的第二部作品。影片聚焦于迈布里奇的妻子芙洛拉以及被他杀害的戏剧评论家哈利.拉金斯之间的绯闻。电影目前尚未确定出演阵容，但奥德曼一直在争取拉尔夫.费因斯以及本尼迪克特.康伯巴奇。奥德曼本人将扮演迈布里奇的检察官。
4. HHhH
《行动代号：猿人》
Remember Anthropoid. A rather overlooked drama from earlier this year, it starred Jamie Dornan and Cillian Murphy in the story of a failed assassination attempt on Hitler's third in command, SS General Reinhard Heydrich. Another crack at this story is being attempted with HHhH, this time round with Jacks Reynor and O'Connell as the plotting soldiers, plus Rosamund Pike and Mia Wasikowska as the objects of their affections, and Jason Clarke the target of their anger.
还记得《类人猿行动》吗.这是一部被众人忽略的2016年早些时候的电影，由杰米.多南和斯里安.墨菲担任主演，讲述了对希特勒身边的三把手、党卫队将军莱因哈德.海德里希进行的一次失败暗杀。《行动代号：猿人》也尝试讲述这一故事，杰克.莱诺和奥康奈尔将在片中饰演密谋的士兵，而罗莎曼德.派克和米娅.华希科沃斯卡是他们片中的感情对象，杰森.克拉科则饰演他们的刺杀目标。
5. Sunset
《日落》
Frankly, this is unlikely to be ready in time for next year, but we'll include it just in case. The second film from Laszlo Nemes, who won the foreign language Oscar earlier this year for Son of Saul, is a coming-of-age drama set in Budapest just before the first world war.
坦白地说，这部电影2017年可能筹备不好，但是以防万一我们还是把它归进来。这是拉斯洛.奈迈施的第二部电影，2016年早些时候他凭借《索尔的儿子》摘得奥斯卡最佳外语片。《日落》是一部关于成长的电影，背景设定在一战前夕的布达佩斯。
6. Untitled Detroit Riots film
关于底特律骚乱的未定名电影
Kathryn Bigelow and screenwriter Mark Boal have been working for a while on a drama about the 1967 police raid in Detroit, which led to one of the largest citizen uprisings in US history. Kaitlyn Dever, John Krasinski, Will Poulter, John Boyega and Jack Reynor star.
凯瑟琳·毕格罗和编剧马克.波尔已经为了这部电影筹备了一段时间，影片讲述的是1967年发生在底特律的警方突袭行动，这次行动引发了美国历史上规模最大的一场民众暴动。出演该片的有凯特林.德弗、约翰.卡拉辛斯基、威尔.保尔特、约翰.波耶加以及杰克.莱诺。
7. Viceroy's House
《总督之房》
Gurinder Chadha goes colonial with a tale of the 1947 handover and its fallout, when Lord and Lady Mountbatten lived in a mansion also containing 500 Hindu, Muslim and Sikh servants. Hugh Bonneville and Gillian Anderson are our central couple.
顾伦德.查达哈的这部殖民题材电影讲的是1947年的英印权力移交及其余波。当时蒙巴顿勋爵夫妇的府邸有500名仆人，他们中有印度教徒、穆斯林和锡克教徒。休.博内威利和吉莉安.安德森饰演主人公夫妇。
8. Victoria and Abdul
《维多利亚与阿卜杜勒》
The killer combo of Judi Dench and Stephen Frears team up again, four years on from Philomena, with a Lee Hall-scripted look at the friendship between Queen Vic and a young Indian clerk. Eddie Izzard looks like inspired casting as Bertie, the Prince of Wales; filling out the rest of the cast are Olivia Williams, Tim Pigott-Smith and, once again, Simon Callow and Michael Gambon.
继《菲洛梅娜》后，朱迪.丹克和斯蒂芬.弗雷斯这对出色的组合四年后再度联手。该片由李荷担任编剧，讲述了维多利亚女王与年轻印度男仆之间的友情。艾迪.伊扎德看来是官方授意的威尔士亲王人选；演员阵容还包括奥莉维亚.威廉姆斯，蒂姆.皮戈特.史密斯以及同样出演了《总督之房》的西蒙.卡洛和迈克尔.甘本。
Kendall Jenner has knocked Gisele off the top spot as the world's highest paid model for the first time in 15 years.
肯达尔·詹娜首次击败了15年里世界上收入最高的模特吉赛尔·邦辰。
The catwalk queen and reality star, 22, topped the annual Forbes list for the first time with earnings of $22 million over the past 12 months.
在过去的12个月里，这位22岁的T台女王兼真人秀明星赚得2200万美元，首次登顶福布斯模特收入榜。
Kendall's earnings more than doubled from 2016's $10 million total, making her the biggest dollar gainer on the ranking.
2016年肯达尔的总收入为1000万美元，而她在过去12个月里的总收入超过了她在2016年的全部收入的两倍，这也使她成为榜单上收入最高的模特。
Gisele, 37, came in second place, having earned $17.5 million, marking the first year she has not headed up the line-up since 2002.
37岁的吉赛尔·邦辰赚得1750万美元，排名第二，自2002年以来这是她第一次没有登顶模特收入榜单。
Rounding out the top three is Chrissy Teigen, 31, who joins the list for the first time after raking in $13.5 million over the past 12 month-period.
排在榜单第三位的是31岁的克丽茜·泰根，她在过去的12个月里赚得1350万美金，首次跻身榜单。
Making the cut for the first time, Gigi, 22, and Bella Hadid, 21, are ranked at number five and number nine respectively, with the former making $9.5 million and the younger sibling taking in $6 million.
22岁的吉吉·哈迪德和21岁的贝拉·哈迪德也是首次跻身榜单，分别位列榜单的第五位和第九位，吉吉·哈迪德的收入为950万美元，她的妹妹贝拉·哈迪德的收入为600万美元。
Bella is the youngest model on the list, having just turned 21 last month.
贝拉是该榜单上最年轻的模特，她上个月刚满21岁。
Ashley Graham, 30, is the first ever curve model to make the highest-paid list, coming in at 10th place after banking $5.5 million from her lingerie and swimsuit lines contracts.
30岁的阿什莉·格林汉姆是首位跻身收入榜单的大码模特，她通过自己的内衣和泳衣品牌代言合同赚得550万美元，排在榜单的第十位。
In eighth place with $6.5 million, Chinese model Liu Wen, 29, is the only Asian model on the list, reflecting the lack of diversity that continues to plague runways.
排在第八位的是29岁的中国模特刘雯，她的收入为650万美元，她是榜单上唯一一位亚洲模特，这也反映了缺少多样性的问题依然影响着模特界。
Adriana Lima, 36, came in fourth place with earnings of $10.5 million, with new mother Rosie Huntington-Whiteley ($9.5 million) and Karlie Kloss, 25, ($9 million) rounding things off in sixth and seventh places, respectively.
36岁的阿德里亚娜·利马排在第四位，其收入为1050万美元，初为人母的罗西·亨廷顿-怀特利（950万美元）与25岁的卡莉·克劳斯（900万美元）分别位列榜单的第六位和第七位。
Together, the world's 10 highest-paid models banked a cumulative $109.5 million between June 1, 2016, and June 1, 2017, before taxes and fees.
从2016年6月1日至2017年6月1日，世界上收入最高的十位模特的税前总收入不算各项费用共计为1.095亿美元。
Nine out of the top 10 have all worked with Victoria's Secret in some capacity, with curve model Ashley being the only exception.
收入最高的十位模特中有九位都在内衣品牌维多利亚的秘密有相应的工作，大码模特阿什莉是唯一的例外。
President Donald Trump is the nation's first billionaire president -- but he's not as rich as he used to be, according to the Forbes 2017 Billionaires List published last Monday.
唐纳德·特朗普总统是美国第一位亿万富豪总统，不过，根据上周一公布的《福布斯2017全球富豪榜》，他已经不像过去那么富有了。
The magazine put his net worth at $3.5 billion, down $1 billion from the rankings it issued a year ago.
该杂志称，他的净资产为35亿美元，与前一年相比缩水了10亿美元。
As a result, his position on the Forbes' ranking dropped 220 spots, leaving him tied with 19 others as the 544th richest person in the world.
因此，他在福布斯的该榜单上排名下滑了220位，与其他19名富豪并列第544位。
Forbes said that much of the decline in Trump's net worth is due to softness in the midtown Manhattan real estate market.
福布斯杂志认为，特朗普净资产的下降，主要是由于曼哈顿市中心房地产市场的疲软。
"Forty percent of Donald Trump's fortune is tied up in Trump Tower and eight buildings within one mile of it," according to the magazine. "What happens in that micromarket does more to affect the net worth of Donald Trump than anything else in the world. Lately, the neighborhood has been struggling (relatively speaking)."
该杂志指出：“特朗普的财富与特朗普大厦和距其一英里范围内的八座建筑紧密相关。在该微小市场所发生的一切，对特朗普净资产的影响超过了世界上其他任何事情，而最近，周边房地产市场已经开始陷入挣扎(相对而言)。”
The magazine also notes that he gave $66 million to his presidential campaign and paid $25 million to settle a lawsuit related to Trump University.
除此之外，该杂志还指出，特朗普为竞选总统自掏腰包6600万美元，并且支付了2500万美元用于解决特朗普大学的相关诉讼。
Ironically the list comes out the same day that Trump is meeting with Bill Gates, who is the world's richest man for the fourth straight year.
讽刺的是，就在该榜单公布的同一天，特朗普会见了已经连续第四年蝉联富豪榜榜首的比尔·盖茨。
The Microsoft founder's net worth is $86 billion, up from $75 billion last year.
这位微软公司创始人的净资产是860亿美元，而一年前则是750亿美元。
Warren Buffett reclaimed the No. 2 spot on the list for the first time since 2014, with a net worth of $75.6 billion, up from $60.8 billion in 2016.
沃伦·巴菲特自2014年以来再次排名第二，净资产由去年的608亿美元增加到756亿美元。
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos rose to No. 3 on the list for the first time, thanks to the jump in in Amazon shares, which boosted his net worth to $72.8 billion.
紧随其后的是亚马逊创始人杰夫·贝索斯，这是他第一次排名第三，由于亚马逊股值飙升，他的资产达到了728亿美元。
重点单词
查看全部解释
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
affected
[?'fektid]
想一想再看
adj. 受影响的，受感动的，受疾病侵袭的 adj. 做
联想记忆
X
单词affected 联想记忆：
受到好的affect影响就充满爱affection，受到不好的影响affect就学会假装affected
inspection
[in'spekn]
想一想再看
n. 检查，视察
联想记忆
X
单词inspection 联想记忆：
inspect（vt 检查；视察）根：spect看
facilitate
[f?'siliteit]
想一想再看
vt. 帮助，使 ... 容易，促进
联想记忆
X
单词facilitate 联想记忆：
facile（adj 易做到的；不花力气的；性格温和的）face，le乐：想让脸乐还不容易吗？Fac＝face，ilit，ate吃：用脸吃饭还不容易吗？
campaign
[k?m'pein]
想一想再看
n. 运动，活动，战役，竞选运动
v. 从事运
联想记忆
X
单词campaign 联想记忆：
camp（n 田野，营地），aign名词后缀－营地－备战的地方
calculation
[.k?lkju'lein]
想一想再看
n. 计算
effective
[i'fektiv]
想一想再看
adj. 有效的，有影响的
联想记忆
X
单词effective 联想记忆：
ef出，fect做－做出来的效果
protection
[pr?'tekn]
想一想再看
n. 保护，防卫
联想记忆
X
单词protection 联想记忆：
pro在前面+tect盖上+ion→保护
statement
['steitm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 声明，陈述
联想记忆
X
单词statement 联想记忆：
state站，立+ment→站着说话→声明；陈述
response
[ri'sp?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回答，响应，反应，答复
n. [宗
联想记忆
X
单词response 联想记忆：
re回+spond承诺→承诺回去;respond的名词→回答；答应
After years of filming its iconic fashion show in New York City, Victoria's Secret has travelled to London, Paris, Cannes and Los Angeles, and for 2017 the global lingerie giant is heading to Shanghai.
在纽约举办了多次其标志性的时装秀之后，内衣品牌维多利亚的秘密又来到伦敦、巴黎、戛纳和洛杉矶举办维密秀，而在2017年，该全球女士内衣行业巨头来到了上海。
But despite the anticipation, it seems the underwear brand's debut in the Chinese city is not going entirely to plan.
尽管此次维密秀备受期待，但似乎该内衣品牌在中国的首秀并没有完全按计划进行。
While organizers of the show attempt to get it back on track following a string of problems obtaining visas for models and performers such as Gigi Hadid and Katy Perry, now they're also claiming that their e-mails are being intercepted by Chinese authorities.
因为吉吉·哈迪德和凯蒂·派瑞等多位模特和表演者在申请签证时遇到了一系列问题，维密秀的主办方正试图使一切回到正轨，如今主办方又表示，中国政府还拦截了他们的邮件。
As a result of the country’s strict policies, some of the underwear brand's most famous models are unable to appear in its biggest event of the year with Gigi Hadid announcing that she won’t be attending on Twitter last week.
因为中国严格的政策，该内衣品牌的几位最有名的模特无法出席今年最重要的活动，上周吉吉·哈迪德就在推特上表示她不会出席此次维密秀。
It is revealed that Hadid's visa application was turned down after she offended many by squinting her eyes in an attempt to impersonate the Buddha in February.
据透露，二月份哈迪德眯着眼睛试图模仿佛像，冒犯了许多人，在那之后她的签证申请就被驳回了。
Similarly, Katy Perry was initially granted a visa to perform at the show in Shanghai but Chinese officials soon changed their mind. This, it has been claimed, is because the singer carried a Taiwanese flag and wore a dress covered in sunflowers during a 2015 concert in Taiwan.
同样的，中国官方最初已批准了凯蒂·派瑞去上海参加维密秀的签证申请，但很快又取消了她的签证。据称，这是因为这位歌手2015年在台湾举办演唱会的时候曾举着一面台湾旗帜并穿着一件印着向日葵的连衣裙。
The year before, Taiwanese anti-China protesters chose the sunflower as the symbol for their cause.
而在一年前，台湾的反华人士就选择了向日葵作为他们反华事业的标志。
A string of other Victoria's Secret models have also been banned from the country including Julia Belyakova, Kate Grigorieva and Irina Sharipova - all from Russia - and Ukraine's Dasha Khylstun.
此外，维密的许多其他模特也被禁止入境，包括来自俄罗斯的朱莉亚·贝亚科娃、凯特·格里戈瑞瓦和伊丽娜·莱巴里科娃以及乌克兰的达莎·凯尔斯顿。
Despite the confusion, executive producer Ed Razek has commended the Chinese partners as “wonderful and enthusiastic hosts.”
虽然引起了一定混乱，但维密秀的执行制作人艾德·拉泽克称赞中国合作方是“令人愉快又热情的东道主”。
Google's top searches for 2017 included Matt Lauer and Hurricane Irma.The search giant has unveiled its annual Year In Search results that show the top Google searches in various categories globally and by country.
谷歌2017搜索排名靠前的包括马特·劳尔和飓风厄玛。搜索巨头公布了它今年的年度搜索结果榜单，内容主要是在全球各类行业中谷歌搜索排名靠前的几位。
Hurricane Irma topped the search charts in both the U.S. and globally with Matt Lauer being the most searched for person in the U.S. and the world. Here’s the rundown of the top 10’s in the U.S. and globally:
飓风厄玛在美国和全球的搜索排名图表中都位居前列，马特·劳拉成为在美国和世界搜索中人物搜索的第一名。这里是美国和全球排名前十的顺序表：
Google's top 10 searches for 2017–Global
谷歌2017全球搜索排名前十
Hurricane Irma
飓风厄玛
iPhone 8
iPhone 8
iPhone X
iPhone X
Matt Lauer
马特·劳拉
Meghan Markle
梅根·马克尔
13 Reasons Why
13个原因
Tom Petty
汤姆·佩蒂
Fidget Spinner
指尖陀螺
Chester Bennington
查斯特·班宁顿
India National Cricket Team
印度国家板球队
Google's top 10 searches for 2017–U.S.
美国谷歌搜索2017排名前十
Hurricane Irma
台风艾玛
Matt Lauer
马特·劳拉
Tom Petty
汤姆·佩蒂
Super Bowl
超级大碗
Las Vegas Shooting
拉斯维加斯枪击案
Mayweather vs McGregor Fight
梅瑟威对战麦克格雷戈的战斗
Solar Eclipse
日食
Hurricane Harvey
台风哈维
Aaron Hernandez
埃尔·南德斯
Fidget Spinner
指尖陀螺
As the calendar flips to December it’s not too early to think about the inevitability of tanking. Who should do it, who should wait, and who shouldn’t ever consider it. Flanns and Zillz discuss.
日历一页一页地翻到了12月，一些球队是时候考虑垫底的不可避免性了。那么，哪些球队应该开始着手垫底，哪些球队还需要观望，而哪些球队应该放弃这种打算呢。Flanns 和Zillz将会就这一问题展开讨论。
The end of November is here. As I wrote Monday, recent history suggests nine teams have pretty much already been knocked out of playoff contention. Yet, none of them are straight-up tanking.
眼看11月就要过去了，正如我周一写的那样，往年经验表明，9支球队很有可能已经被踢出季后赛地竞争行列了。然而，他们中没有一支球队表明要摆烂。
The Sixers are still slowly pivoting from a full-on institutional tank job to trying to be competitive, and the Suns are not expecting to be anything like good. So those two teams are quasi-tanking. They are, at least, not mad about losing.
76人队在举步维艰地从一支历史悠久的全职摆烂大队向一支有竞争力地队伍转变；太阳队表现依旧不尽如人意。这两支显然是半垫底的球队了。但是他们至少没有对输球抓狂。
Everyone else is trying to win. The Mavericks, all of 3-13, proudly announced that they won't tank. Yet, this is expected to be one of the best NBA drafts in years, with Markelle Fultz, Jayson Tatum, Lonzo Ball, Josh Jackson, Harry Giles, OG Anunoby, Ivan Rabb ... the list goes on!
而其他的队伍还有在尝试赢球的。小牛队，在3-13的战绩面前，骄傲地说他们不会垫底。但是，明年被认为是近年来最好的NBA选秀，有Markelle Fultz, Jayson Tatum, Lonzo Ball, Josh Jackson, Harry Gile, OG Anumoby, Ivan Rabb……等等优质球员。
By March, there's a real chance two or three of these prospects stick out as franchise players.
到了明年3月，这些明日之星中很有可能会有1-2个人脱颖而出，可以成为球队基石。
But none of these doomed NBA squads seem all that interested in setting themselves up for it. Should they be? Do we need more tanking this year, for these teams' own sake?
但是这些烂队中没有一支队伍有摆烂的打算。他们这样打算合适吗？为球队着想，他们应该摆烂吗？
I always judge the tank on actions and not by words. So, when teams say they're not in the tank and then run out a bunch of undrafted free agents while injuries to star players linger, that's when you know it's on.
我判断摆烂不是看言论而是看球队动作的。所以，即使球队说他们没有摆烂，但是签了一大批落选的自由球员，同时报告明星球员伤病缠身，这时候你就知道，他们是在摆烂了。
I empathize with the Mavs' position. It's tough to tell your fans that all hope is lost in November, and it's especially tough when you've got a Hall of Famer still on your roster.
这里我得提一下小牛队的处境。你很难在11月就告诉你球队的球迷们球队希望尽失，而你的名人堂球员仍旧在球员名单上时这一动作难度就更大了。
It's real easy for us to sit up here and tell teams that they need to go out there and lose a bunch of games. We're not the ones on the hook for ticket sales and advertisers.
我们坐在这里指点江山，告诉那些球队“你们没指望了，赶紧输球摆烂吧！”这是很容易的，但是我们并不是那些在为球队门票和广告殚精竭虑的家伙们。
But yeah, of course they should tank. And so should the Kings. Again. And the Heat. And the Magic. These are mediocre teams, at best, without high upsides even in the most optimistic projections.
但是，小牛队的确应该摆烂。同样的还有国王队，还有热火队，还有魔术队。这些都是中游的球队，即使在最乐观的预测中都没有很高的排名。
There's a difference, though, in a team like Miami that's playing its young guys and trying to build a core while taking on losses, and, say, the Magic, who are trying to jump-start a stalled process.
但是他们摆烂的原因还是各不相同的。比如热火队，他们试图通过输球来锻炼队中的年轻人并且确立一个核心；比如魔术队，他们试图摆脱停滞不前的过程。
I'm going to disagree on one team you mentioned: the Kings. The West is a bit shallow again, and Sacramento is in the mix for a playoff spot. It's not likely or anything, but so long as they are in the mix, they have to pull out almost all the stops to grab it.
其中有一支队伍我不大赞同：国王队。今年西部各队实力都有所下降，并且萨克拉门托还在季后赛席位的竞争之列，倒不是说摆烂不可能，但是只要他们还在这一队列里，他们就该全速前进，进入季后赛。
If you don't, you need to trade Boogie Cousins and all those veterans you signed over the past two offseasons.
否则，就应该交易考辛斯还有在过去的两个赛季里签下的其他的老将了。
The Magic have bounced between average and bad, and they're currently on a downswing. Now Aaron Gordon and Nikola Vucevic are coming off the bench and Mario Hezonja is buried.
魔术队倒是可上可下，并且他们现在正在走下坡路。现在，阿龙-戈登和尼古拉-武切维奇被从板凳席上拉了出来并且马里奥-海佐尼亚被雪藏了。
I get that Frank Vogel is experimenting to find a winning rotation, but this roster is so unbalanced and the best prospects aren't being put in great positions.
我猜弗兰克-沃格尔正在试验阵容以找到能赢球的轮换阵容。但是这个阵容实在是太不均衡了，最有希望的球员没有被安置在最好的位置上。
I mean, is it worth to be a No. 8 seed with Serge Ibaka and Jeff Green leading the way? Maybe it is. This all just seems awfully backwards.
我是说，让一个9号秀同伊巴卡和杰夫格林这样带队真的没问题吗？可能吧。只是从之前糟糕的表现上来看……
The thing about the Mavericks is that this is not at all how Dirk should go out. That team has been so solid his entire career. To have a busted season now is painful. Maybe he ought to have joined Kobe, KG, and Big Fundamental last summer.
而关于小牛这支球队，问题并不全是司机该怎么让位。在老司机的整个职业生涯中，这一直是一直有实力的球队。德克今年这样支离破碎的赛季实在令人痛苦。或许下个夏天他就会加入科比、KG和大基本功先生的队伍中去。
Fair enough. Let's put the Kings in the “maybe” file. I'll drop the Nuggets in there, as well, as they are in basically the same place as a franchise, give or take some dysfunctional elements. The Wizards have to go in there, too, much as I am down on them at the moment.
你说的有道理。那我们就把国王队归到“有可能”的那一档里吧。同样我会把掘金队也归到这一档，鉴于他们球队战绩相近，且都或放走或签约了某些功能失调的球员。奇才队也会被我归到这一档，到目前为止我还是不看好他们。
I'm not worried about Philly, Phoenix, or Minnesota. They're young, they're rebuilding. If they make strides, great. If not, take another high pick. The Nets are the Nets and we should talk about them in a minute.
我倒是并不担心费城、凤凰城和明尼苏达的球队。他们队伍都很年轻，都在重建的路上。如果他们能够取得进步，那很好，就算没有，他们也能获得高顺位的选秀权。而篮网队则是另一个故事了，我们稍后会讨论到他们。
The Magic are the single-most mystifying team in this entire exercise. They make little sense on paper or on the court.
魔术队是所有队伍中最迷的哪一个。不论从纸面上看还是从球场表现来看，他们这样的队伍都毫无意义。
They need more talent. Full stop. The best avenue for attracting talent for them has always been the draft.
这支队伍需要更多的天赋，他们需要大修。对魔术而言，最能吸引天赋到来的方式一直以来都是选秀。
So, yeah, I think they should tank and they might even be able to get some good value for Ibaka in a trade even if it would be a really quick about-face. God they're weird.
所以，是的，我认为他们应该果断垫底甚至交易伊巴卡以换取更多的价值，尽管这变脸来得有点快。唉，天啊，这支队伍实在太诡异了。
As for Dirk, nobody should ever go out the way they do, but it happens all the time. In some ways, maybe it's easier if the reckoning is this painful.
至于德克，我认为没有人应该曲意逢迎，但是总有人会这么做。从某种程度来说，如果球队处境如此令人痛心，或许摆烂会来得更轻松一些。
The Wizards need to surge ASAP if they want to stay in this. We saw what happened last year when they waited too long to get it together.
奇才队如果想要留在强队之列，需要尽快给球队动手术。我们已经看到了他们一直以来期待的全员奇才是怎样的水准。
Scott Brooks gets leeway as he learns his roster, and injuries continue to play too big a role. But I just can't fathom why this team is so much worse than the playoff team from a couple years back. The other piece is that it's unlikely the Wizards can conceivably be bad enough to get a top-five pick.
斯科特-布鲁克斯教练在看到他的球员名单后就知道了他执教的退路有多大了，伤病一直以来都是球队里的大佬。但是我还是捉摸不清为什么这支球队比以前的那支季后赛球队差那么远。另一方面，奇才不可能差到以至于会得到前5的顺位吧。
I wonder if the Pelicans are in that position, too. It looks like their highest Brow-era pick will be Buddy Hield. That's not optimal.
我其实好奇鹈鹕队会不会也会到这一地步。目测布朗时代最高顺位的新秀就是巴迪-希尔德了，这可不理想。
I'm assuming they'll end up around the No. 10 pick at this point; it's hard to get an instant franchise player that low, and New Orleans doesn't have all the time in the world.
就目前来看，我觉得他们大概会在第十顺位，在这么低的顺位想要得到一个立即能够成为球队建队基石的新秀可不容易，并且留给鹈鹕队出成果的时间不多了。
But with Jrue Holiday back and Anthony Davis putting up historic numbers, they aren't going to be bad enough to get a Fultz or Jackson. Why couldn't last year's draft class be this good?
但是随着朱迪-霍勒迪的回归和安东尼-戴维斯打出历史级别的数据，他们不会差到以至于能够得到上边提到的Fultz，Jackson之流。去年的选秀怎么就没那么好呢！
There's a crucial element in team building called planning that often seems to elude those franchises that are stuck in the mud.
对于在泥潭里挣扎的球队，有一样建队过程中关键的东西一直诱惑着他们，那就是建队计划。
We should stipulate at this point that neither of us have any idea how good this draft is going to be because the college season is barely underway. It sure looks nice, what with all those freshmen stacked up together in the lottery.
我们首先得明白我们所有人都不知道这次选秀会怎么发展，毕竟大学联赛还在进行。但当所有的这些新鲜的血液都齐聚乐透区，这看起来当然美如画。
My hunch is that this draft will look pretty good by March and will be much better than last year's, which was one of the most underwhelming in recent memory. New Orleans and Washington both need some direction, and soon.
我的预感是到了3月份，今年的应考新秀们就会看起来很棒，并且会远比去年要好，去年是近几年来最不被看好的一年。新奥尔良和华盛顿都需要一个明确的方向，并且他们不久就会做出各自的选择。
I was waiting for you to bring up the Nets’ situation, so fine, I'll do it here. Jeremy Lin's been out for weeks with a hamstring injury. They're the only team tanking correctly and they're not actually tanking!
其实我一直都在等你提到篮网队的处境，既然你没说，那就我来说吧。林书豪已经因腿筋受伤缺阵几周了。他们是唯一有摆烂权利但是不摆烂的球队！
It will be interesting to see which direction they go at the trade deadline. They have a handful of solid players along with Brook Lopez.
在交易截止日到来前，看清楚他们会往哪个方向走这件事将会十分有趣。他们有很多靠得住的球员团结在布鲁克-洛佩兹身边。
They have no reason to tank thanks to the pick swap with the Celtics, but they might be able to pick up some nice consolation draft prizes from contenders looking to make a move.
感谢和凯尔特人的选秀权交换，他们没有理由摆烂。他们或许会从参选球员中选到一个最佳安慰奖以推动球队前行。
There are a couple of other picks in play this year. There's the Lakers pick to Philly (top-three protected), a Memphis one to Denver (top-five protected), and the infamous Sacramento choice to Chicago (top-10 protected) that Philly actually controls because Sam Hinkie will have revenge on us all.
今年选秀中还有很多选秀权交换的情况，有湖人给费城的前三保护的选秀权，有孟菲斯给丹佛的前五保护的选秀权，还有那个无耻的萨克拉门托给芝加哥的前十保护的选秀权（然而费城球队会控局的，他们的前总经理山姆-辛基会来复仇的）。
Ah yes, the other reason Sacramento shouldn't tank: Philadelphia has the option to swap picks with them this year. It's actually impossible for the Kings to get the No. 1 pick because of that, and it hurts their chances at a top-three pick overall.
是的，另一个萨克拉门托不该垫底的原因就是：费城今年有权和他们交换选秀权。因此，国王队完全没可能得到状元签，而且他们得到前三签位的可能性也很低。
The Bulls get the Kings' pick if it falls outside the top 10, so it's better for the Kings to be a bottom-10 team than to just miss the playoffs in terms of team-building.
而如果国王队签位掉出前10的话公牛队又会得到他们的签，所以在不妨碍球队重建的情况下，国王队不仅仅是不能进入季后赛，最好还是在倒数前十的队列中。
The Kings also still owe a future first (unprotected in 2019 at worst) to Philly for the honor of being able to sign Rajon Rondo, Kosta Koufos, and Marco Belinelli. Talk about a team with no damn plan.
国王队由于签约拉简-朗多，科斯塔-库佛斯和马可-贝利内里，实际上还欠费城一个未来首轮签（无保护，最迟2019年）。传说中的无计划重建队啊。
The Nets should really feel free to tank out if only to get assets for the players who aren't integral to culture change and won't be on the next very good Brooklyn team. That means Brook Lopez, basically. The market on him is weird, but presuming it exists, it should be explored.
网队我认为倒是可以轻松舒适地摆着烂，除非是想给那些没有融入球队文化，并且明年不会在队中地球员增加身价。对，我说的就是布鲁克-洛佩兹。他存在的交易价值很诡异，但是我们假设它存在的话，我们就该充分利用他身上的价值。
The need to rebuild supersedes the desire to not give Boston another great pick. That hole has already been dug. Time to crawl out the only way you can: slowly, through smart draft picks, trades, and signings.
网队重建的欲望已经超越了给波士顿另一个高顺位签的不情愿。大坑已经挖好，想要从坑里爬出来，你能做的只有：一步一步地，挑出合适的新秀，交易球员，以及签约。
Am I tempting fate by wondering if the Lakers end up in this conversation within a couple weeks? They'd have to go on a truly epic slide to be bad enough to keep their draft pick at this rate (top-three protected to Philly) but I think the question is whether they should continue to build slowly around this core or flip one or two of the young dudes for a star.
我冒死地想一想，湖人队在几周后会不会也加入这一阵列呢？照目前这情况，他们必须打出史诗级别烂地比赛才能留住他们的选秀权（给费城的前三保护签位），问题取决于他们是会围绕现有阵容继续缓慢地重建呢还是为了得到下一个巨星扔掉一两个年轻球员呢。
Rolling ahead with a team that's .500 through November isn't at all tanking — this is seriously a potential playoff team — but it's the same type of conversation the rebuilding squads are having. Leverage assets and playing time to win more now, or stay focused on sustainability?
这支在11月有着过半胜率的不断进步的球队完全不是垫底球队，这是一支严格意义上的可能的季后赛球队，但是就像所有重建中的球队都会讨论的那样，是靠现有球员和上场时间来换取当下的胜利呢，还是更关注于可持续性的发展呢？
For once, the Lakers are in good spot and don't have to rush into anything. Take some time. See what they have. They're not making the playoffs with that defense, but that's not really the point of this season anyway.
这一次，湖人队处境不错，而且不需要赶着去做什么事，给他们点时间，看看他们到底会怎样。用这样的防守质量他们很难进入季后赛，但是这并不是这个赛季的重点。
They're developing a core and sorting through roles. Because they're the Lakers, there remains the possibility that a solid free agent or two will look their way.
他们在培养核心球员，寻求合适的角色球员。他们可是湖人队啊，对他们而言，很有可能会有一到两个有实力的自由球员主动投怀送抱。
Maybe not a supernova player, but a good one who could get them right back on solid footing more quickly than these other teams we're discussing. Play out the season, pay off your debt, and move forward without that hanging over your head.
或许不会是一个超新星，但是会有好球员快速地把他们拉回正轨，比我们之前讨论的其他队伍都要快。打完这个赛季，还完之前的债，然后就可以潇洒甩头，大步向前了。
The other issue with tanking is Philly, Phoenix, and Brooklyn are all bad teams. It's going to be hard to outflank those outfits.
对于像费城、凤凰城和布鲁克林这样的烂队而言，另一个问题在于他们很难笼络到好的球队拼图。
Indeed. That's an understated benefit of Philly tanking so hard in recent years: they are so bad it disincentives other clubs from tanking because they'll struggle to be as bad as the Sixers. The Mavericks are in the mix, at least.
这确实是的。不过费城队近年来如此努力地垫底的一个被忽略的好处是：他们是如此地烂，以至于这会让其他竞相垫底的球队产生挫败感，因为他们很难做到和76人一样烂。在76人面前，小牛队至少只能算是中等水平的烂。
They should be. We agree on that.
这就真相了，我同意。
更多精彩内容请关注微信公众号、新浪微博：篮球英文堂
If 2017 was the year of fake news, 2018 is shaping up to be one of fake data. And just as fake news comes in many varieties — real news dubbed by the US president as fake, as well as nonsense gaining huge audiences on social media — so does fake data.
如果2017年是假新闻之年，那么2018年将成为假数据之年。就像假新闻以多种不同形式出现一样——既有被美国总统称为假新闻的真新闻，也有在社交媒体上吸引众多观众的无稽之谈——假数据也是如此。
Today, the Financial Times reveals the fake gross domestic product data routinely released from many northern Chinese regions. There, solid alternative evidence suggests the authorities have “smoothed” the economic growth figures. They artificially boosted growth figures between 2012 and 2016, masking a real downturn, and last year covered up a genuine recovery.
近日，英国《金融时报》披露了中国北方很多地区例行公布的关于国内生产总值(GDP)的虚假数据。在那些地区，可靠的替代证据表明，地方政府“抹平”了经济增长数字。他们人为地推高了2012年至2016年期间的增长数字，掩盖了真实的低迷期，去年又掩盖了真正的复苏。
Chinese growth figures have long been known to be artificially smooth, but now the economy is easily the world’s largest on purchasing power exchange rates, the statistical massages have wider consequences.
长期以来，中国增长数据的人为平稳广为人知，但以购买力平价汇率计算，如今中国毫无疑问是世界第一大经济体，因此这些统计数据传达的信息带来了更广泛的影响。
Everyone was hugely cheered that global greenhouse gas emissions were flat between 2014 and 2016, even though recorded global growth was OK. The trouble is that this wasn’t the improvement in global economic efficiency everyone celebrated, but just a slowdown in northern China. As this part of the world recovered its economic mojo in 2017, carbon dioxide levels began to rise again.
2014年至2016年期间，虽然全球增长数据不错，但全球温室气体排放量持平，所有人都为此欢欣鼓舞。问题是，其原因并非是所有人庆祝的全球经济效率提升，而仅仅是中国北方的经济增长放缓。随着这部分地区在2017年恢复了经济增长势头，二氧化碳排放量开始再次上升。
In other words, we’ve just had a false dawn on the climate change front.
换句话说，我们看到的只是气候变化方面的虚假黎明。
Closer to home, fake official data are just as prevalent. The UK’s Office for National Statistics on Tuesday reported that British inflation, measured by its longstanding retail prices index, rose to 4.1 per cent in December. This number is nonsense and the ONS knows it. It tells people the RPI “does not meet the required standard” to be given a quality stamp, yet it has refused since 2012 to take steps to improve the measure and bring it closer to the lower headline measure of 3 per cent.
至于英国，官方虚构数据同样盛行。英国国家统计局(Office For National Statistics)周二公布，以由来已久的零售价格指数(RPI)衡量，去年12月英国通胀率上升至4.1%。该数字纯属胡扯，英国国家统计局对此心知肚明。该机构告诉人们RPI“没有达到规定标准”，不能作为合格的通胀指标，但自2012年以来该机构一直拒绝采取措施来改善该指标并使之贴近3%的整体通胀率。
The consequences are more parochial than those of Chinese data distortion. British law requires the ONS to produce the RPI and, given that it refuses to improve the measure, its fiddling affects hundreds of billions of pounds of contracts which continue to be linked to the RPI.
其造成的影响范围比中国数据失真要小。英国法律要求英国国家统计局计算RPI数据，鉴于该部门拒绝改善算法，这种数据造假行为影响了继续与RPI挂钩的总值达数千亿英镑的合同。
British statisticians’ unwillingness to correct known errors in the clothing price component of the RPI redistributes many billions every year from students, recent graduates, taxpayers and rail commuters to index-linked UK government bondholders, wealthy pensioners with RPI-linked pensions and rail companies.
英国统计学家不愿纠正RPI服装价格部分的已知错误，每年把巨额资金从学生、新毕业生、纳税人和铁路通勤者重新分配给了与该指数挂钩的英国政府债券持有人、领着与RPI挂钩的退休金的富裕退休金领取人、以及铁路公司。
Let’s now travel to Greece. There, Andreas Georgiou, the head of its statistical agency between 2010 and 2015, faces prosecutions for his part in uncovering fake Greek public finance data for 2009 and setting the record straight. This week 40 groups, led by the American Statistical Association, and 651 individuals signed a statement in support of Mr Georgiou.
现在让我们去希腊。在2010年至2015年期间担任希腊统计局(Elstat)局长的安德烈亚斯?耶奥尔耶欧(Andreas Georgiou)，因揭露希腊2009年公共财政虚假数据并更正数据而面临指控。本周，以美国统计协会(American Statistical Association)为首的40个组织和651名个人签署声明，支持耶奥尔耶欧。
Producing fake data, it appears, is condoned at official levels. Publishing real data lands you up in court. Much more of this and the public will be right to lose trust in official statistics.
看起来，数据造假会在官方层面得到宽容。公布真实数据会把你送上法院的被告席。如果还有更多这类情况发生，公众不再信任官方统计数据将是正确的。
According to China's business magazine New Fortune's 2018 Chinese wealthy list, the top 10 tycoons' total wealth reached 1.72 trillion yuan, accounting for 18% of the combined wealth of the list's total 500, and the top 10's personal wealth has surpassed 100 billion yuan for the first time.
根据中国商业杂志《新财富》发布的2018年中国富人榜，位列榜单前十大亨的财富总和达1.72万亿元，首次突破千亿元大关，在榜单500位富人财富总和中所占比重达18%。
Tech giant Tencent's founder Pony Ma topped the list, with a fortune of 279 billion yuan, followed by Alibaba's Jack Ma, and Evergrande Group's Xu Jiayin, with their personal worth reaching 260 billion yuan, and 229 billion yuan, respectively.
科技巨头腾讯创始人马化腾凭借2790亿元的身家位居榜首，阿里巴巴的马云和恒大集团的许家印紧随其后，其个人财富分别为2600亿元和2290亿元。
As China's economic structure evolves, the rich list also is changing.
随着中国经济结构的演变，富豪榜单也在发生改变。
One fifth of the rich in the 500 list are from the information technology industry, and capital players are fading away from the list.
500富人榜中20%的富豪来自信息技术行业，而资产投资者正逐渐淡出该榜单。
Among the top 10, four of them -- Pony Ma, Jack Ma, Ding Lei (CEO of Chinese game developer NetEase Inc) and Lei Jun (founder of smartphone maker Xiaoxi) -- are from TMT (telecommunications, media and technology) sectors.
排名榜单前10的富人中有4人--马化腾，马云，丁磊（中国游戏开发商网易首席执行官），雷军（智能手机制造商小米创始人）来自TMT（电讯、媒体和技术）领域。
Around 2025, China's richest man's personal wealth will match the US' richest man's, and will be in a race to be the world's richest man, the magazine predicted.
《新财富》预计，2025年左右，中国首富将追平美国首富的个人财富，并有实力问鼎全球首富。
Two Chinese universities have been placed in the top 20 of this year's Times Higher Education World Reputation Rankings, according to data released last Thursday.
上周四公布的一项数据显示，两所中国顶尖大学跻身今年《泰晤士报高等教育专刊世界大学声誉排行榜》的前20名。
Tsinghua University and Peking University are ranked in 14th and 17th place respectively -- the same positions they held in last year's rankings.
清华大学和北京大学分别排在第14位和第17位，与它们去年各自的排名相同。
The top 20 comprises 13 US universities, four British and three others.
排名前20的大学有13所大学是美国的大学、还有4所英国大学和3所其他大学。
Harvard topped the league table, followed by Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Stanford University.
哈佛大学位居榜首，紧随其后的是麻省理工学院和斯坦福大学。
The list has four British universities, which are Cambridge, Oxford and London's University College and Imperial College. The University of Tokyo is also included in top 20.
这份榜单的四所英国大学分别是剑桥大学、牛津大学和伦敦大学和帝国理工学院。东京大学也位列前20名。
Traditionally Chinese universities scored less well in international ranking tables compared to US and European incumbents in levels of teaching and research.
传统上，在教学和研究水平方面，中国大学在国际排名排行榜上的评价要比美国和欧洲的高校逊色一些。
This changed two years ago, though, when Tsinghua University broke into the top 20 for the first time, ranking 18th in 2016. Last year, Peking University joined it in the top 20.
但是，这一情况在两年前发生了变化，清华大学首次跻身前20名，2016年排名第18位。去年，北京大学也跻身前20名。
Phil Baty, editor of the rankings, said: "it seems that China's relentless march up the global league tables has stalled, after making major gains in recent years. This new data shows just how hard it is for emerging powers to break into the traditional global elite."
该排名的编辑菲尔·巴蒂称：“在近几年取得重大进展之后，中国在全球排名榜上的持续增长似乎已经停滞。这些新数据显示，新兴力量要打入传统的全球名校阶层是多么困难。”
However, Baty said the stabilization of Chinese universities' rankings is no cause for alarm. "Continued investment built on decades of spending, and increased internationalization in Chinese higher education will no doubt ensure China's universities continue to strengthen," he said.
不过巴蒂表示，中国大学排名的稳定并不值得担忧。他说：“数十年的持续投资建设以及中国高等教育国际化程度的提高，无疑将使得中国的大学变得越来越好。”
London Fashion Week will not feature any animal fur clothes or accessories on the runway this year, making it the first fur-free major fashion week.
伦敦时装周将不会在今年的T台上展出任何使用动物皮草的服装或配饰，使其成为第一个无动物皮草的主要时装周。
The announcement comes from the British Fashion Council (BFC), who surveyed designers ahead of the shows and found none of the 80 designers in the September line-up would be using fur.
这一消息来自英国时装协会，协会在时装周前对设计师进行了调查，发现在9月份的时装周登场的80名设计师中没有一位会使用皮草。
During last year's LFW, there were 250 anti-fur protesters, The Guardian reported, and a show in February saw an activist storm the stage at a Mary Katrantzou show.
据英国《卫报》报道，在去年的伦敦时装周期间，有250名反皮草抗议者，2月份的玛丽卡特兰佐秀场也受到了抗议者激烈的抵制。
Ahead of this year's fashion week, set to take place September 14 to 18, an open letter written by singer Paloma Faith and published by Peta also called for LFW and the BFC to ban animal fur.
今年时装周预计在今年9月14日至18日举行，在此之前，由歌手帕洛玛费斯撰写并由善待动物组织出版的公开信中呼吁伦敦时装周和英国时装协会禁止动物皮草的使用。
The letter read: “The BFC shouldn't be endorsing a material whose production is deemed so cruel that it is outlawed in the UK.
信中写道：“英国时装协会不应该认可这种生产如此残酷，甚至在英国是非法的材料。
“With the vast number of cutting-edge, eco-friendly faux furs available on the market today, I'm sure you'll agree that there's no longer any excuse for killing animals for their fur.”
“目前市场上有大量尖端，环保的人造皮草，我相信你会同意现在没有任何借口来杀死动物以获取皮草了。”
The BFC's news has been met with support from people on social media, who have applauded the designers choosing to forgo the use of animal fur.
伦敦时装协会的新闻得到了社交媒体人士的支持，他们鼓励设计师放弃使用动物皮草。
“I am so overwhelmed and elated that fur has been banned from London Fashion Week! Progress!” Faith wrote.
“我非常激动，皮草被禁止参加伦敦时装周是个巨大的进步！” 费斯回应道。
For the students interested in comparing school options around the world, US News released the fourth edition of its annual Best Global Universities rankings.
针对那些对比较世界各地的学校有兴趣的学生，《美国新闻与世界报道》近日发布了第四版全球最佳大学年度排行榜。
The overall 2018 ranking encompasses more schools than ever before – 1,250 universities located across 74 countries. This is an increase from the 1,000 schools in 65 countries included in last year's edition.
这一2018年的大学综合排行榜包含了74个国家和地区的1250所大学，为有史以来数量最多的一次。去年的排行榜中只包含了65个国家的1000所大学。
In addition to the overall ranking, US News also offers region-, country- and subject-specific rankings, to allow for more tailored searching.
除了这一综合排行榜，《美国新闻与世界报道》还提供了地区、国家、特定专业大学排行榜，方便大家进行更为细致的搜索。
The Best Global Universities rankings are based on data and metrics provided by Clarivate Analytics InCites.
全球最佳大学排行榜是根据科睿唯安公司提供的数据和标准得出的。
They are calculated using a methodology that focuses on a school's research performance and reputation, not its specific undergraduate or graduate programs. This is a separate methodology than those used for other US News rankings such as Best Colleges and Best Graduate Schools.
它们的计算方法着重于学校的研究成果和声誉而非特定的本科或研究生课程。这不同于该报在编纂最佳学院排名和最佳研究生院排名时所用的方法。
The US has the most universities of any country in the overall ranking, with 221 schools earning a spot. The countries with the next-highest numbers of schools in the ranking are China and Japan with 136 and 76, respectively.
在综合榜单中，美国大学的数量最多，共有221所大学上榜。中国和日本分列第二、三名，上榜大学数量分别为136所和76所。
Besides exploring the overall ranking, prospective international students can narrow their search by browsing regional and country rankings. These rankings were determined solely by how schools performed in the overall list.
除了查阅综合榜单，未来的国际学生还可以缩小搜索范围，浏览某地区和某国家大学排行。这些排名仅由学校在综合榜单中的表现决定。
The number of country rankings published this year rose to 42, up from 38 last year. The newly featured countries are Argentina, Mexico, Pakistan and Romania.
国家大学排行榜单数量从去年的38份上升到42份。新加入的榜单包括阿根廷、墨西哥、巴基斯坦和罗马尼亚大学排行榜。
US News also offers subject-focused rankings, which include popular fields such as computer science, economics and business and engineering.
此外，《美国新闻与世界报道》还提供了学科排行榜，包括计算机科学、经济学和商科以及工程学等热门学科。
These rankings use a different methodology from the overall ranking based on academic research performance in each specific subject.
这些排行榜是基于某个特定学科的研究能力而做出评价，与综合榜单评价方式不同。
Tsinghua University holds the No. 1 spot in both computer science and engineering. The Chinese institution overtook MIT for the top computer science rank this year.
清华大学在计算机科学和工程学两个学科中排名居首。这所中国院校今年取代了麻省理工学院，成为计算机科学最强学府。
Graduates of Tsinghua University make more money, on average, than those from any other college in China, results of a recent survey showed.
近日公布的一份调查结果显示，清华大学毕业生的平均薪酬在全国高校毕业生中最高。
The 2017 grads of Tsinghua University earn an average salary of 9,065 yuan per month, according to the survey released by xinchou.cn, an internet salary survey and report provider.
根据这份由互联网薪酬调查及报告提供商中国薪酬网发布的调查显示，清华大学2017届毕业生平均月薪达9065元。
Those who graduated from Peking University and Beijing Foreign Studies University took second and third place, earning 9,042 yuan and 9,020 yuan a month, respectively.
北京大学和北京外国语大学的2017届毕业生平均月薪分别为9042元和9020元，位居第二、三位。
A total of 2.81 million people who graduated in 2017, 2015 and 2013 from hundreds of Chinese universities were involved in the survey.
数百所国内高校的2017届、2015届和2013届毕业生、共281万人参与了这项调查。
The incomes of graduates from universities listed in China's 211, or 985 key university national projects are far ahead of those from ordinary universities, the survey found.
该调查发现，211和985重点建设高校毕业生的薪酬水平大幅度领先普通高校毕业生。
Science and engineering fields dominate the list of highest-paying college majors, with software engineering, bioscience, and electronic information engineering among the most lucrative majors.
在收入最高的大学毕业生中，科学和工程领域占据了主导地位，其中软件工程、生物科学和电子信息工程是最赚钱的专业。
In the foreseeable future, China will see the boom of enterprises in tertiary industry. Related majors, including law, journalism and communication, and management, are expected to play a bigger role, according to the report.
在可预见的未来，我国会见证第三产业的繁荣发展。该报告称，相关专业，包括法律、新闻传播和管理学，预计将扮演更重要的角色。
This year's Oscar-nominated musicians are going to take the stage at the Academy Awards ceremony.
今年获得奥斯卡提名的音乐人将会齐聚一堂登上奥斯卡颁奖典礼的舞台。
Mary J. Blige, Miguel, Gael García Bernal, Andra Day, Natalia LaFourcade, Keala Settle, Sufjan Stevens and Common will perform their original songs at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood on March 4, when the motion picture academy kicks of its 90th Oscars ceremony.
三月四日在好莱坞高地中心Mary J. Blige, Miguel, Gael García Bernal, Andra Day, Natalia LaFourcade, Keala Settle, Sufjan Stevens and Common将会演唱自己的原创歌曲来庆贺第90届奥斯卡。
"We're excited to have these talented artists showcase the powerful contribution music makes to filmmaking," the show's producers Michael De Luca and Jennifer Todd announced in a statement on Friday. "It's a privilege to welcome them to the 90th Oscars stage."
“能够有这些天赋异禀的艺术家为电影的音乐进行神助攻，我们非常能高兴。”这场秀的制作人Michael De Luca 和Jennifer Todd周五发表申明时如是说。“能邀请到他们登上第90届奥斯卡也是一种荣幸。”
Blige will perform "Mighty River" from "Mudbound," the Oscar-nominated song she co-wrote with Raphael Saadiq and Taura Stinson. Blige is also nominated for best supporting actress for her role in "Mudbound." She is the first person to be nominated for both a performance and an original song in the same year.
Blige将会表演“泥土之界”中的歌曲《Mighty River》，这首获得奥斯卡提名的歌曲是她和Raphael Saadiq以及Taura Stinson共同谱写的。同时，Blige还因出演影片《泥土之界》被提名奥斯卡最佳女配角。她是同时获得奥斯卡提名歌曲和女配角的第一人。
Common and Day will perform "Stand Up For Something" from "Marshall" and Settle will perform "This is Me" from "The Greatest Showman."
Common 和 Day 将会演绎电影《马歇尔》中的歌曲《Stand Up For Something》还有Settle会演唱电影《马戏之王》中的歌曲《Thisis me》。
Stevens will perform "Mystery of Love" from the film "Call Me by Your Name," and Bernal, LaFourcade and Miguel will perform "Remember Me" from "Coco."
Stevens会演唱电影《以你的名字呼唤我》中《Mystery of Love》，以及Bernal, LaFourcade和 Miguel会合唱《寻梦环游记》中的歌曲《Remember Me》。
Dunkirk
《敦刻尔克》
Christopher Nolan's World War II feature is probably just about the front runner for best film.
克里斯托弗诺兰的这部二战题材电影可能就是最佳影片的领跑者。
For: Well-received by both audiences and critics, it tells a crucial slice of history.
支持：《敦刻尔克》讲述了一场重要的历史事件，深受观众和影评人喜爱。
Against: Although it picked up a best editing prize from the LA Film Critics Association, it was ignored by their New York counterparts. Could its momentum be waning
反对：尽管该片被洛杉矶影评人协会评为最佳剪辑奖，但却没有受到纽约影评人的重视。它的势头会逐渐减弱吗？
Best chances: Best film and best director. Surprisingly, Nolan has never received a directing nomination from the Academy.
冲击奖项：最佳电影奖和最佳导演奖，让人意外的是，诺兰从未获得过奥斯卡奖提名。
The Post
《华盛顿邮报》
Tom Hanks and Meryl Streep in front of the camera, with Steven Spielberg directing a historic battle over press freedom - there's much for awards voters to admire.
汤姆汉克斯和梅丽尔斯特里普出演，史蒂文斯皮尔伯格执导，这样一个为新闻自由而战的历史故事，有很多让评委刮目相看的地方。
For: The National Board of Review gave it their best film, actor and actress awards.
支持：美国国家评论协会将最佳电影、最佳男主角和最佳女主角奖颁给了这部电影。
Against: There was no love from the New York nor LA critics.
反对：纽约时和洛杉矶影评人协会都对该片无感。
Best chances: It's always hard to bet against Streep getting a best actress nomination, and Hanks is overdue for an acting nomination after missing out in recent years.
冲击奖项：很难相信斯特里普得不到最佳女主角提名，而汉克斯在销声匿迹几年后，早该获得一项表演类提名了。
Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri
《三块广告牌》
Frances McDormand giving an outstanding central performance as a grieving mother in this darkly comic story.
弗兰西斯麦克多蒙德在这个黑色喜剧故事中扮演一位悲伤的母亲，展现了出色的核心表演。
For: It picked up the audience award at the Toronto International Film Festival, often a key awards indicator.
支持：该片在多伦多国际电影节上获得人民选择奖，这个奖项通常是一个重要的风向标。
Against: To some extent it's divided American audiences, perhaps damaging its hopes of winning best film.
反对：在某种程度上，《三块广告牌》分裂了美国观众，它赢得最佳影片的希望或许会因此破灭。
Best chances: Best film, and best original screenplay recognition looks certain, and Frances McDormand is currently the favorite for the best actress Oscar.
冲击奖项：最佳影片、最佳原创剧本奖项的提名应该是肯定的，而弗兰西斯麦克多蒙德现在是奥斯卡最佳女主角奖的最热人选。
Call Me By Your Name
《请以你的名字呼唤我》
A tender love story between a teenager and an academic, set in Italy.
《请以你的名字呼唤我》背景设定在意大利，讲述了的一个少年和一个学者之间的柔情之恋。
For: The Los Angeles Critics Association gave it their top prize.
支持：洛杉矶影评人协会将其评为最佳影片。
Against: Strong in many categories, but without quite managing to be a front runner in any. Perhaps Timothee Chalamet's performance is its best chance of awards success.
反对：《请以你的名字呼唤我》在很多方面的表现都很不错，但却没有哪一方面是最突出的。也许“甜茶”蒂莫西克莱门特的表演是该片冲奥的最大可能。
Best chances: A best film nomination looks certain. Darkest Hour's Gary Oldman is the favorite for best actor, but if anyone can beat him it's probably Chalamet.
冲击奖项：最佳电影提名应该可以肯定。参演《至暗时刻》的加里奥德曼是最佳男主角的最热人选，如果说有谁能击败他的话，那可能就是克莱门特了。
The Shape of Water
《水形物语》
An otherworldly romance between a mysterious aquatic creature and a mute girl, played by Sally Hawkins.
影片讲述了一个神秘的水生生物和莎莉霍金斯扮演的哑女之间超凡脱俗的爱情故事。
For: Since it premiered at the Venice Film Festival, it's being wowing audiences.
支持：该片在威尼斯电影节首映后，获得观众喝彩。
Against: It might be that bit too far from the mainstream to make a huge awards impact.
反对：影片可能太过非主流，不具有获得大奖的影响力。
Best chances: Sally Hawkins is only a fraction behind current best actress favorite Frances McDormand.
冲击奖项：在最佳女主角的最热人选弗兰西斯麦克多蒙德面前，莎莉霍金斯的获奖几率很小。
Get Out
《逃出绝命镇》
Chris Washington, played by London-born Daniel Kaluuya, is drawn into the sinister underbelly of a small American community.
英国演员丹尼尔卡卢亚扮演的克里斯华盛顿卷入到一个美国小镇的邪恶阴谋中。
For: A huge box office hit that could benefit from a slowly-changing Oscar voting demographic.
支持：影片可能会凭借出色的票房表现从缓慢变革的奥斯卡投票人群上获益。
Against: Opening so early in the year outside of awards season could hinder its chances.
反对：在颁奖季前一年早早上映可能不利于其冲奖。
Best chance: If there are nine or 10 best picture nominees, it could grab a spot. Jordan Peele's screenplay looks certain to be recognized.
冲击奖项：如果这届奥斯卡最佳影片的提名数有9或10部电影的话，那么《逃出绝命镇》能占一个。乔登皮尔的剧本应该一定会被提名。
Darkest Hour
《至暗时刻》
Gary Oldman on blistering form as Winston Churchill.
加里奥德曼饰演了愤怒的温斯顿丘吉尔。
For: Oldman's seemingly effortless embodiment of the wartime leader has won almost universal
支持：奥德曼塑造的战时领袖丘吉尔收获一致好评，而这对他似乎是手到擒来的。
Against: It's not yet managing to win top honors from critics' groups.
反对：《至暗时刻》目前还没有被一所影评机构评为最佳电影。
Best chance: Oldman has been the favorite for best actor since the film's Telluride premiere.
冲击奖项：自从在特莱瑞德电影节首映以来，奥德曼一直就是最佳男主角奖项的宠儿。
The Florida Project
《佛罗里达乐园》
A child's eye view of life in a Florida motel community.
从一个孩子的视角，讲述佛罗里达州一家汽车旅馆社区的生活。
For: Strong reviews, and praise for the performances - particularly from the children at the centre of the story, and Willem Dafoe, who plays the manager of the motel where they live.
支持：影片演技大获好评，尤其是故事的主人公——那些孩子们，以及旅馆经理的扮演者威廉达福。
Against: Could the film be seen as a film of great performances, rather than a truly great piece of cinema
反对：可以把这部电影当作一部演技在线的影片，而不是一部真正伟大的作品吗？
Best chances: Dafoe is probably the current front runner for best supporting actor.
预测：达福目前可能是最佳男配角的领跑者。
The 2018 Academic Ranking of World Universities released last Wednesday by Shanghai Ranking Consultancy reveals that 62 research universities in China have made their list of the world's top 500 universities.
上海软科教育信息咨询有限公司于上周三发布的2018年“世界大学学术排名”显示，中国有62所研究型大学入围这份全球500强高校榜单。
The 62 universities account for 12.4% of the list. The only country with a larger number of universities listed is the US, which accounts for 27.8%.
这62所大学在该榜单中占比达到12.4%，上榜大学的数量仅次于美国，其占比为27.8%。
Harvard University topped the rankings for the 16th consecutive year, and Stanford University and University of Cambridge remained in second and third place, respectively.
哈佛大学连续16年位居榜首，斯坦福大学和剑桥大学仍分别位列第二、第三名。
The University of Tokyo (22nd) and Kyoto University (35th) have maintained their positions as the leading universities in Asia.
东京大学（全球排名22名）和京都大学（35名）仍然是亚洲最顶尖的两所高校。
Tsinghua University came in at 45th place, as the third-highest ranked university in Asia. Peking University took the 57th place in the rankings. Zhejiang University took 67th place in its first appearance in the top 100.
清华大学位列第45名，是亚洲排名第三的高校。北京大学位居第57位。浙江大学排名第67位，本次是该校首次跻身该榜单100强。
Every year since 2003, Shanghai Ranking Consultancy has been releasing its rankings of the world top 500 universities based on third-party data.
自2003年以来，上海软科教育信息咨询有限公司就根据第三方的数据，开始发布全球500强高校榜单。
Its Academic Ranking of World Universities is made up of six objective indicators, including the number of alumni and staff winning Nobel Prizes and Fields Medals, the number of highly-cited researchers, the number of articles published in the journals Nature and Science, the number of articles indexed in the "Science Citation Index", and their per capita performance.
该世界大学学术排名主要考核六个客观指标，包括校友和员工赢得诺贝尔奖的数量和奖牌、高度援引研究人员的数量、发表在《自然》和《科学》期刊上的文章数量、科学引文索引收录的文章数量以及师均学术表现。
China's movie box office revenue grew 9 percent to $8.9 billion (RMB 60.98 billion) in 2018.
2018年，中国电影票房收入增长9%，达到89亿美元(约合609.8亿人民币)。
The expansion would be considered impressive in most markets, but it represents an ongoing slowdown for China, the world's second-largest film territory and a continual source of growth for Hollywood for the better part of a decade.
在大多数市场中，这种增长将被认为是令人印象深刻的，但对中国来说，这代表着一种持续放缓。中国是全球第二大电影市场，在过去十年的大部分时间里，中国一直是好莱坞的增长源泉。
Chinese state media reported that box office revenue growth was 13.5 percent in 2017, with this year marking only a modest decline.
据中国的官方媒体报道，2017年中国电影票房收入增长了13.5%，而今年仅略有下降。
Over the past three years, drawing conclusions about China's box office growth has been complicated by Beijing's decision to include new service fees in official revenue totals.
过去三年，由于北京决定在官方总收入中增加新的服务费，有关中国票房增长的结论变得复杂起来。
In 2016, China's box-office experienced a shock correction, with growth plummeting to just 3.7 percent from a roaring 48 percent rate in 2015.
2016年，中国电影票房经历了一次令人震惊的调整，从2015年的48%大幅下降到3.7%。
Perhaps in response, at the start of 2017, China's media regulator quietly began including service fees charged by online ticketing companies when reporting box-office figures.
或许是作为回应，在2017年初，中国媒体监管机构在报道票房数据时悄然开始计入在线票务公司收取的服务费。
However it's framed, 2018 was a strong year for many of China's biggest domestic film studios though.
不过，不管怎么说，2018年对中国许多大型国内电影公司来说都是一个强劲的年份。
Will Theresa May remain prime minister in 2018
2018年特里萨梅(Theresa May)会继续担任英国首相吗
Yes. Mrs May lost most of her authority with the bungled snap election. But the past few months have been kinder. Sealing a Brexit divorce deal has ensured short-term job security. So until Brexit is formally complete in 2019, or an appealing alternative emerges, the Conservative party will keep her where she is. Remainers and Leavers alike wish to avoid a civil war that would be sparked by moving against her. What was thought to be an unsustainable position is proving surprisingly sustainable.
会。梅因为失算的提前选举而失去了大部分权威。但过去几个月情况对她较为有利。敲定退欧离婚协议，确保了她的饭碗短期无忧。因此直到2019年英国退欧正式完成（或者另一种更吸引人的替代方案出现）前，保守党将让她继续坐在首相位置上。留欧派和退欧派都希望避免因反对她而引发内战。事实将证明，曾经被人们认为是坐不长的位置，意外地能够坐久。
Sebastian Payne
塞巴斯蒂安佩恩(Sebastian Payne)
Will the UK economy be the slowest-growing in the G7
英国会是七国集团(G7)中经济增长最慢的国家吗？
No. This is possible, of course, but with luck, Mrs May has at least now ensured that the UK is not going to tumble over a “no deal” cliff in 2019. In December 2017, Consensus Forecasts’ prediction for the UK was of 1.5 per cent growth in 2018. Its forecasts for Japan and Italy were even lower, at 1.3 per cent. So the chances that the UK will have the slowest-growing economy in the G7 next year should be around one in four.
不会。当然，这种情况可能发生，但是只要运气不是太差，梅眼下至少可以确保英国经济不会在2019年因掉落“无协议”悬崖而急剧下滑。2017年12月，“共识预测”(Consensus Forecasts)预测2018年英国将增长1.5%。该机构对日本和意大利的预测值更低，为1.3%。因此英国明年成为G7中经济增长最慢国家的几率应该在四分之一左右。
Martin Wolf
马丁沃尔夫(Martin Wolf)
Will Emmanuel Macron secure a commitment from German chancellor Angela Merkel on a eurozone budget
埃马纽埃尔马克龙(Emmanuel Macron)会得到德国总理安格拉默克尔(Angela Merkel)对欧元区预算的承诺吗？
No. Ms Merkel may accept a small eurozone investment fund, but it will fall short of the French president’s ambitions. Mr Macron wants a “road map” to a budget equivalent to several percentage points of eurozone output, supervised by a finance minister, all to absorb economic shocks. Ms Merkel is inclined to acquiesce, but she has emerged politically weakened from federal elections and will be unable to impose such a decision on her largely sceptical public.
不会。默克尔可能会接受一支规模较小的欧元区投资基金，但这满足不了这位法国总统的雄心。马克龙想要的是“路线图”，指明如何实现一份相当于欧元区经济产出一定百分点的预算，由一名财政部长监督，完全用于缓冲经济震荡。默克尔想要答应，但她在联邦选举后政治地位受到削弱，因此无法勉强基本上持怀疑态度的德国民众接受这样一个决定。
Anne-Sylvaine Chassany
安妮-西尔万沙萨尼(Anne-Sylvaine Chassany)
Will the Democrats take back the majority in the midterm election in the US House of Representatives
民主党能在中期选举中重新夺回美国众议院多数党地位吗？
Yes — by an eyelash. Democrats will need to win an additional 24 seats, meaning they will have to hold on to all 12 Democratic districts that Mr Trump won last year and pick up the 23 Republican districts that voted for Hillary Clinton, plus one or two more for good measure. The math is not on the Democrats’ side, but history is. The president’s party almost always loses some House seats in the midterms, and sometimes loses big, especially when the president has an approval rating below 50 per cent. See Barack Obama in 2010.
勉强能。民主党需要再赢得24个席位，这意味着他们需要守住特朗普去年胜选的全部12个民主党选区，并拿下23个在大选中投票支持希拉里克林顿(Hillary Clinton)的共和党选区，另外再添上一两个选区。算起来形势对民主党不利，但从历史先例来看形势有利于民主党。历任总统所在的政党几乎总会在中期选举时丢掉一些众议院席位，有时丢得还挺多，特别是当在位总统的支持率低于50%的时候。看一看2010年的巴拉克奥巴马(Barack Obama)就知道了。
Courtney Weaver
柯特妮韦弗(Courtney Weaver)
Will impeachment proceedings begin against Donald Trump
唐纳德特朗普(Donald Trump)会遭遇弹劾程序吗？
Yes — just. Democrats will regain control of the House of Representatives in the November midterm elections. Though they will not take charge until January 2019, they will waste no time preparing the House Judiciary paperwork. Mr Trump will label it a “witch hunt”. But another year of his surreal presidency makes it all but inevitable Democrats will campaign on a pledge to hold him to account. Whatever Robert Mueller’s investigation unearths before then is unlikely to turn enough Republicans against him.
勉强会。民主党将在11月中期选举中重新赢得对众议院的控制权。尽管他们要到2019年1月才能掌控众议院，但他们将马上开始为众议院司法委员会(House Judiciary)启动弹劾做文书方面的准备。特朗普将称此举为“政治迫害”。但在特朗普怪诞的总统任期又持续了一年之后，民主党将几乎不可避免地展开造势活动，誓要让特朗普承担责任。在此之前，无论罗伯特米勒(Robert Mueller)的调查发现了什么，都不可能让足够多的共和党人倒戈反对特朗普。
Edward Luce
爱德华卢斯(Edward Luce)
Will Trump trigger a trade war with China
特朗普会发动美中贸易战吗？
Yes. In 2018 President Trump will deliver on some of his protectionist campaign rhetoric by taking punitive actions against China. The most likely triggers for action will be official reports that the Trump administration has commissioned into China’s alleged theft of intellectual property, and its subsidised production of steel and aluminium. The president, spurred on by his trade team, is likely to order retaliatory measures, including tariffs. Whether that marks the first shot in a trade war will depend on how China reacts. A Chinese decision to impose retaliatory tariffs, or to take America to the World Trade Organization, will signal the opening of hostilities.
会。2018年，美国总统特朗普将通过对中国采取惩罚性行动，来兑现他在竞选时许下的部分保护主义诺言。最可能的触发因素将是特朗普政府委托的、对中国涉嫌窃取知识产权的官方调查报告，以及中国补贴钢铁和铝生产的行为。在其贸易团队的敦促下，特朗普可能会下令采取报复性措施，其中包括征收惩罚性关税。此举是否会标志着贸易战打响第一枪，将取决于中国如何反应。如果中国决定征收报复性关税，或者把美国告上世贸组织(WTO)，将标志着敌对状态的开始。
Gideon Rachman
吉迪恩拉赫曼(Gideon Rachman)
Will China’s reported gross domestic product growth surpass 6.5 per cent
中国官方国内生产总值(GDP)增速会超过6.5%吗？
Yes, even if real GDP growth does not. Speculation over the true GDP growth rate in China, as opposed to the official one, has spawned a cottage industry of specialist economists. The official figures are deceptively stable and serene thanks to suspected “smoothing” by the Chinese authorities, as they bend the figures to fit growth targets. So even if growth does stumble in 2018, the official growth rate is almost certain to come in above the preordained 6.5 per cent.
会，即便真实的GDP增速未超过这个数字。关于中国真正的（相对官方数据而言）GDP增长率的猜测，已经衍生出一个由相关经济学专家组成的作坊式行业。官方数据看似稳定而美好——有人怀疑中国有关部门对数据进行了“美化”，调整了一些数字、使其符合增长目标。因此，即使2018年中国的增长磕磕绊绊，官方的增速也几乎肯定会高于预定的6.5%。
Jamil Anderlini
吉密欧(Jamil Anderlini)
Will the BoJ tighten monetary policy
日本央行会收紧货币政策吗？
No. The Bank of Japan’s life will get tougher in 2018 as the US Federal Reserve tightens policy and widens the interest rate gap with Japan. But governor Haruhiko Kuroda is determined to hike rates in response to one thing only: inflation. The BoJ may let the yield curve climb a little if prices start to accelerate, but real interest rates in Japan will end 2018 no higher than at the start of the year.
不会。随着美联储收紧货币政策并扩大美国与日本的利率差，2018年日本央行的日子会更不好过。但是日本央行行长黑田东彦(Haruhiko Kuroda)已决心只会因一件事而上调利率，那就是通胀。如果通胀开始加速，日本央行可能会让收益率曲线略微上扬，但到2018年年底时日本实际利率不会高于年初时的水平。
Robin Harding
罗宾哈丁(Robin Harding)
Will emerging market GDP growth pass 5 per cent
新兴市场GDP增速会超过5%吗？
Yes. With the US Federal Reserve likely to raise interest rates a few times in 2018, trading is likely to be choppy in emerging markets. Sometimes it may feel a bit like a rerun of the 2013 “taper tantrum”. However, average GDP growth will rise to 5 per cent, up from a forecast 4.7 per cent this year. This will mostly be because Russia and Brazil, which have stumbled, will bounce back.
会。在2018年美联储可能多次加息的情况下，新兴市场中的交易可能会波动起伏。有时可能感觉有点像2013年“削减恐慌”(taper tantrum)重演。然而，平均GDP增速将升至5%，高于去年4.7%的预测值。这主要是因为近来处境艰难的俄罗斯和巴西境况将好转。
James Kynge
金奇(James Kynge)
Will Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi try any more unorthodox economic experiments
印度总理纳伦德拉莫迪(Narendra Modi)会尝试更多非正统的经济试验吗？
Yes. Mr Modi’s overnight ban on using high-value bank notes was a big shock, and seriously disrupted the economy. But it delivered rich political rewards, bolstering the premier’s image as a decisive leader willing to take tough action against corruption. With the next general elections due in 2019, Mr Modi will be tempted to deliver one more big bang to dazzle voters. Watch out for dramatic action against wealthy individuals holding properties in others’ names to hide their ownership.
会。莫迪一夜之间废除大面额纸币的做法令人震惊，严重扰乱了印度经济。但此举带来了丰厚的政治回报，支撑了莫迪作为愿意采取严厉措施打击腐败的果决领导人的形象。面临2019年的下一届大选，莫迪很有可能想拿出另一项轰动性措施来博取选民的支持。当心，他可能会对那些为了隐藏资产而以他人名义持有房产的富人采取重大行动。
Amy Kazmin
艾米卡兹明(Amy Kazmin)
Will the Saudi Aramco public offering debut on an international market
沙特阿美(Saudi Aramco)会在外国公开上市吗？
No. What has been billed as the largest ever IPO is a cornerstone of de facto leader Mohammed bin Salman’s grand economic restructuring, so it must happen. Shares in Aramco will be quoted on the local stock exchange. The international element of the IPO is unlikely to be a public listing, however. Donald Trump has lobbied for New York, and London is pulling all the stops. Hong Kong and Tokyo are also under consideration. But the Saudis will opt instead for a private sale, or choose to list internationally later than anticipated.
不会。这笔被誉为史上最大规模的首次公开发行(IPO)，是沙特实际领导人穆罕默德本萨勒曼(Mohammed bin Salman)宏大经济重组计划的基石，因此沙特阿美IPO肯定会成行。该公司的股票将在沙特本国的证交所上市。不过，此次IPO计划在国外的部分不太可能是一次公开发行。唐纳德特朗普正在为纽约游说，伦敦也在全力以赴争取。香港和东京也在沙特的考虑之中。但沙特会转而选择非公开售股，或者在晚于预期的时间在国外上市。
Roula Khalaf
鲁拉卡拉夫(Roula Khalaf)
Will José Antonio Meade be the next president of Mexico
何塞安东尼奥梅亚德(José Antonio Meade)会成为下一任墨西哥总统吗？
Yes. Mr Meade is the candidate of the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI. His main rival is the hard leftist Andrés Manuel López Obrador, a passionate orator who can work a crowd. Mr Meade has a lot to overcome: he will have to convince voters that they can trust him, after he put up petrol prices by 20 per cent overnight in January, triggering a surge in inflation. He will also have to reveal himself as his own man, not just a clone of an unpopular government that has failed spectacularly to rein in rampant corruption and crime. But backed by the formidable PRI get-out-the-vote machine, he could prove unstoppable. In Mexico’s one-round-only system, 30 per cent of the vote might be enough.
会。梅亚德是执政党革命制度党(PRI)的候选人。他主要的竞争对手是强硬的左翼领导人安德烈斯曼努埃尔洛佩斯奥夫拉多尔(Andrés Manuel López Obrador)——可以感召人群的激情演说家。梅亚德需要克服很多问题：在去年1月一夜间把油价上调20%、引发通胀飙升后，他必须说服选民自己仍然是可以信任的。他还必须证明自己是个有主见的人，而不仅仅是这届不受欢迎的政府的傀儡——在遏制猖獗的腐败和犯罪行为方面，这届政府极为失败。但是凭借强大的PRI拉票机器，他可能势不可挡。在墨西哥只有一轮选举的体制下，30%的选票可能就足以让他当选总统了。
Jude Webber
裘德韦伯(Jude Webber)
Will Zimbabwe’s new leader hold — and win — fair elections
津巴布韦新任领导人会举行公平的选举并胜选吗？
No. Having ended Robert Mugabe’s 37-year rule — with a little help from the army — Emmerson Mnangagwa has promised free elections in 2018. That raises one problem: he could lose. He must at least pretend elections are fair because he needs donor money to help turn the economy around. That would mean electoral reforms, which risk a loss for his unpopular Zanu-PF. Even if Mr Mnangagwa were prepared to roll the electoral dice, it is not clear the army is. Having got their man in, Zimbabwe’s generals are unlikely to allow the public to kick him out.
不会。结束罗伯特穆加贝(Robert Mugabe)长达37年的执政（军方在这件事上也帮了点忙）后，埃默森姆南加古瓦(Emmerson Mnangagwa)承诺在2018年举行自由选举。这引出了一个问题：他可能会输掉大选。他至少要装作选举是公平的，因为他需要政治献金来扭转经济。这将意味着要推行选举改革——可能会让其不受欢迎的非洲民族联盟-爱国阵线(Zanu-PF)输掉选举。即使姆南加古瓦准备好在选举中赌一把，还不清楚军方愿不愿意。已经把自己的人推上台的津巴布韦将军们，不太可能会容许公众再把他踢下去。
David Pilling
戴维皮林(David Pilling)
Will the AT&T/Time Warner merger go through without big remedies (such as the sale of CNN)
AT&T和时代华纳(Time Warner)会在不作出大的妥协（比如出售美国有线新闻网(CNN)）的情况下完成合并吗？
Yes. The government hasn’t won a vertical merger case in decades. According to the Department of Justice’s own review guidelines, “vertical mergers” between content owners like Time Warner and distributors like AT&T are much less worrisome than horizontal ones. Meanwhile, the Fang companies — Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google — now dominate the digital entertainment landscape, which makes the government’s argument that the merger of two old-media firms would fundamentally alter competition even harder to make.
会。美国政府在垂直合并案上已有数十年没赢过。据美国司法部(Department of Justice)自己的审查指导原则，像时代华纳这样的内容所有者与AT&T这样的分销商之间的“垂直合并”，远不如水平合并那么令人担忧。与此同时，Facebook、亚马逊(Amazon)、Netflix和谷歌(Google)这四巨头（合称FANG，取每家名称首字母）如今主宰了数字娱乐版图，这使得政府的如下论点更难以站住脚：两家传统媒体公司的合并，会从根本上改变竞争态势。
Rana Foroohar
拉娜福鲁哈尔(Rana Foroohar)
Will Tesla produce more than 250,000 Model 3s
特斯拉(Tesla) Model 3s的产量会超过25万辆吗？
No. The much-hyped US electric carmaker once promised to make 400,000 of its new dream machines in 2018. Its latest production targets imply 200,000-300,000. But serious glitches in battery production have meant a slow start, and Tesla’s record is not good. With Tesla yet to show it can wean itself off constant infusions of Wall Street cash, 2018 cold be a make or break year.
没戏。这家受到热捧的美国电动车制造商曾经承诺在2018年生产40万辆新款Model 3s。该公司最新的产量目标暗示20万-30万辆。但是电池生产中出现的严重问题意味着一开始就慢了，而且特斯拉的记录不佳。对尚未证明自己离了华尔街不断输入的资金也能活的特斯拉而言，2018年可能会是不成功便成仁的一年。
Richard Waters
理查德沃特斯(Richard Waters)
Will the S&P 500 finish the year above 2,650
今年年底标普500(S&P 500)指数会在2650点上方吗？
Yes. There are plenty of positives: earnings, economic growth, and US tax cuts. But they are already known. Stocks look ridiculously expensive by historical standards, but that tells us nothing about short-term moves. Ultimately, it comes down to liquidity, which has driven markets since they emerged from the crisis in 2009. If all goes according to plan, central banks will be decreasing their balance sheets, and removing liquidity, by the end of 2018. If they go through with this, the odds are that the S&P will stall. But even a tiny tremor could make the bankers blink. Expect the momentum to continue.
会。目前有很多利好因素：利润、经济增长和美国减税。但这些都是已知因素。按照历史标准看，眼下股价高得离谱，但这对短期走势毫无参考价值。最终还是要看流动性，自从股市在2009年从危机中走出来以后，流动性始终驱动着股市上涨。如果一切按计划进行，到2018年底，各国央行会在缩表和撤除流动性。如果各央行果真这样做，标普500指数很可能会牛气不再。但只要稍有风吹草动，央行官员们就会迟疑。这股牛气应该会继续。
John Authers
约翰奥瑟兹(John Authers)
Will the 10-year Treasury yield finish the year above 3 per cent
今年年底10年期美国国债收益率会突破3%吗？
No. Wall Street strategists’ predicting that the US government’s 10-year borrowing costs will climb above the 3 per cent mark in the coming year is as much a staple of the Christmas period as awkward office parties. This year the forecasts look more likely to be fulfilled, given a withdrawal of quantitative easing and the US tax cut. However, the seismic, secular forces pinning down both inflation and long-term bond yields remain in place and are still underestimated. The Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at least three times in 2018, but the 10-year yield will not breach 3 per cent.
不会。华尔街策略师预测美国政府的10年期借贷成本将在未来一年攀升至3%以上，这话就像尴尬的办公室聚会一样是圣诞节那段时间的固定节目。鉴于美联储退出量化宽松和美国减税，今年的预测看起来更有可能实现。然而，压低通胀和长期债券收益率的长期重大因素依然存在，并且仍然被低估。2018年美联储将至少加息三次，但10年期收益率不会突破3%。
Robin Wigglesworth
罗宾威格尔斯沃思(Robin Wigglesworth)
Will oil finish 2018 above $70 a barrel
2018年底石油价格会超过每桶70美元吗？
Yes. Supply outages and geopolitical risk factors will probably persist, alongside output curbs by global producers. But whether prices can maintain levels at $70 or above is dependent on the willingness of Russia to keep backing a Saudi Arabia-led effort to cut production in the face of growing US shale supply. Other participants in the co-ordinated effort also need to sustain strong compliance with the deal, the incentive of which declines as governments reap the rewards of higher prices.
会。供应中断和地缘政治风险因素很可能会持续出现，同时伴随着全球生产商限产。但价格能否保持在70美元或以上水平取决于：在美国页岩油供应不断增长的情况下，俄罗斯是否愿意继续支持沙特阿拉伯牵头的限产努力。参与限产的其他国家也需要继续坚定地遵守协议——随着各国政府受益于油价上涨，继续遵守协议的动力将越来越小。
Anjli Raval
安吉利拉瓦尔(Anjli Raval)
Will a stable and liquid bitcoin futures market develop
会建立起稳定、流动性较强的比特币期货市场吗？
No. One way it could play out: after a tentative start involving lots of trading stops, bitcoin futures will slowly begin to attract institutional money. Commodity Futures Trading Commission positioning data will reflect the extraordinary long bias that exists for the product among money managers. As the huge cost of rolling futures positions becomes self-evident, longs will complain ever more loudly about routine divergences around settlement time. Just as a senate hearing is being scheduled to investigate potential manipulation of the market, futures prices will fall below spot, initiating a sell-off.
不会。事情可能会这样发展：在一次试运营（其间出现多次交易停止）后，比特币期货将慢慢开始吸引机构资金。美国商品期货交易委员会(CFTC)的持仓数据将反映出资金管理公司对该产品存在的长期偏见。随着减仓的巨额成本变得不言自明，多头将越来越大声地抱怨围绕结算时间的例行分歧。就在参议院计划举行听证会调查潜在的市场操纵行为时，比特币期货价格将跌破现货价格，引发抛售。
Izabella Kaminska
伊莎贝拉卡敏斯卡(Izabella Kaminska)
Will a nation other than Brazil, Germany or Spain win the World Cup
会是除巴西、德国和西班牙之外的国家捧得大力神杯吗？
No. Football punditry is a mug’s game. Better to have the benefit of hindsight. There have been 20 previous World Cups. Of those, Brazil (five titles) and Germany (four), are regular contenders. Home advantage helps, with host nations winning the trophy six times. But next year’s festival of football is being held in Russia, which has the lowest-ranked team in the tournament.
不会。傻子才会去预测足球比赛的结果。最好是作事后诸葛亮。目前已经举办过20届世界杯。其中，巴西（5次捧杯）和德国（4次捧杯）是决赛常客。主场优势有所帮助，东道国赢得了6次奖杯。但是明年的世界杯将在俄罗斯举行，而这位东道主在参赛队伍中排名垫底。
Leadership
领导层
In 2018, more business leaders will channel a potent combination of digitalisation, generational change and growing diversity, to streamline their hierarchies, distribute responsibility, and transform their organisations.
2018年，将会有更多商业领袖利用数字化、代际变动和多元化不断提高的强大结合，来精简企业层级结构，分配责任，转变他们所在的组织。
Leaders of large companies such as Michelin, Microsoft, Ericsson and others are already pushing more decision-making power out to their front-line workers. Others will follow as the success of this approach catches on.
米其林(Michelin)、微软(Microsoft)、爱立信(Ericsson)等大企业的领导人已经把更多的决策权推向一线员工。随着这种方法的成功引起注意，其他企业将效仿。
Aspiring young leaders already place more emphasis on using their influence, rather than trying to exert power through the embedded authority of their position or their assigned title. Many are already gaining leadership experience, not through promotion at established institutions but by running bottom-up movements and voluntary groups, or by shaping their own start-ups.
有抱负的年轻领导人已经更注重利用自己的影响力，而不是试图凭借其职位或头衔所带来的权威来发号施令。很多人已经拥有了领导经验——不是通过在老牌机构中的晋升，而是通过领导自下而上的运动和志愿组织、或是打造自己的初创公司。
I expect more companies to develop leaders who know how to manage networks — not just the traditional internal network of employees, but more loosely connected webs of suppliers and contractors, managed remotely via the internet and social media.
我预计，将有更多公司培养懂得如何管理网络的领导人——不只是传统的内部员工网，还包括联系更松散的供应商和承包商网络，通过互联网和社交媒体进行远程管理。
That will require different skills — notably a clearer vision among leaders of their organisation’s shared purpose. The dilemma of how to lead “teams” of robots and humans will become even more pressing this year.
这需要领导人具备不同的技能——尤其需要领导人对组织的共同目标具有更清晰的视野。在新的一年，如何领导由机器人和人类组成的“团队”的困境将变得更为紧迫。
I do not see much evidence that radical “managerless” models such as “Holacracy” will catch on. But more companies will realise that if they constantly test innovative ways forward — as start-ups do — they will be more flexible and decisive than old-style bureaucracies and meritocracies.
我没有看到太多迹象表明，“合弄制”(Holacracy)等激进的“无管理者”模式将会普及。但会有越来越多的公司意识到，如果他们不断地尝试创新——就像初创公司那样——他们将比老派的官僚制度和精英管理制度更加灵活和果断。
When it comes to diversity, I am optimistic that at some point the rise of enlightened younger executives will trigger a sudden change of attitude in the boardroom. This will not happen in 2018, though the imbalances and abuses of power evident in sexual harassment scandals, from tech to media, could accelerate change.
至于多元化，我乐观地认为，在某个时候，开明的年轻高管崛起将引发董事会突然转变态度。这种情况不会出现在2018年，尽管从科技到媒体行业的性骚扰丑闻所暴露的失衡和权力滥用问题，可能会加速这种变革。
Ultimately I expect these new leaders to start selecting from a broader pool of candidates and appoint direct reports from more varied backgrounds, defying those who use current imbalances to extrapolate gloomily that leadership parity between men and women is still decades off.
说到底，我预期这些新的领导人将开始从更广泛的候选人中选拔人员，并把不同背景的人任命为自己的直接下属，从而驳斥那些根据当前的失衡来外推还需数十年才能实现领导层男女平衡的悲观者。
Of course, these same new forces may also trigger a backlash and a reversion to old command-and-control ways of leading. The politicians who dominate the world stage are, depressingly, mostly cut from the old cloth, and the leadership challenges they face, from Brexit to North Korea, are particularly complex.
当然，这些新势力也可能引发反弹，使得指挥-控制的老派领导方式卷土重来。令人郁闷的是，主宰世界舞台的政治人物大多是老派的，而他们面临的领导力挑战——从英国退欧到朝鲜问题——尤为复杂。
US president Donald Trump’s zero-sum, Art-of-the-Deal approach to negotiation will give comfort to old-fashioned incumbents. I am hoping 2018 will provide an opportunity for positive, problem-solving new leaders to emerge. But change could stall if business chiefs, disheartened by the poor quality of political leadership, turn inwards instead.
美国总统唐纳德特朗普(Donald Trump)的零和博弈、“交易艺术”谈判方式，将给那些守旧的现任领导人带来安慰。我希望2018年将提供机会，让正气的、解决问题的新领导人涌现出来。但如果企业领导人因为政治领导层没水平而灰心，变得因循守旧，那么变革可能陷入停滞。
Andrew Hill is management editor
安德鲁希尔(Andrew Hill)是管理主编
Technology
科技
The Big Tech backlash will spread to technology industry employees in 2018, as many question whether the work they do really is saving the world.
2018年，反对科技巨擘(Big Tech)的声音将扩散到科技行业雇员群体，很多人质疑他们所做的工作是否真的在拯救世界。
Large technology companies were criticised throughout 2017 for becoming too powerful, using their size to dominate markets and not paying enough attention to how the tools they create can be used for ill.
2017年，人们指责大型科技公司太过强大、利用自身的规模主宰市场，而且不够关注他们所创造的工具如何被用来做恶。
The worries stretched from the global, such as Russian attempts to influence the US presidential election in 2016, to the local — concerns about users’ mental health and the drain on productivity as they drown in notifications and news feed posts.
人们的担忧涵盖了各个领域，从全球问题（比如俄罗斯试图影响2016年美国总统选举），到地方问题（比如担心用户淹没在通知和新闻推送中，造成心理健康问题和生产率损失）。
Next year, more tech workers will speak out, following former Facebook employees Sean Parker and Chamath Palihapitiya, who have condemned social media’s addictive properties.
继Facebook前员工肖恩帕克(Sean Parker)和查马斯帕里哈皮蒂亚(Chamath Palihapitiya)——二人谴责了社交媒体的成瘾性——之后，新的一年将有更多的科技行业工作者发声。
Others will look for ways to use tech to help people spend less time online. Tristan Harris, a former Google employee, is building a following for his Time Well Spent movement, tackling what it describes as the “digital attention crisis” by encouraging designers to understand the subtle psychological forces they control. Tim Kendall, formerly of Pinterest and Facebook, is reported by Recode to have plans for a start-up focused on fighting device addictions.
其他人将想方设法利用技术来帮助人们减少上网时间。谷歌(Google)前雇员特里斯坦哈里斯(Tristan Harris)发起的“时光莫虚度”(Time Well Spent)运动正在吸引人气，该运动鼓励设计者理解他们所控制的微妙的心理力量，以解决其所称的“数字注意力危机”。据Recode报道，曾经在Pinterest和Facebook工作的蒂姆肯德尔(Tim Kendall)，计划成立一家专注于对抗设备上瘾的初创公司。
After a year of sexual harassment scandals that started in Silicon Valley and spread to just about every industry, women will try to capitalise on the momentum to push for permanent changes. And attention will focus on the plight of marginalised minorities, with so few black and Latino employees in the tech industry.
在经历了性骚扰丑闻频频曝光（从硅谷开始，蔓延至几乎所有行业）的一年后，女性将试图利用这一势头来推动永久性变革。鉴于科技行业的黑人和拉丁裔雇员少之又少，人们将关注被边缘化的少数族裔的困境。
Female founders in Silicon Valley will raise more money next year, as sexual harassment scandals have forced investors to rethink their habit of backing ventures founded by mainly young, white men. Some start-ups founded by men pursued by rumours of unsavoury pasts will not get funding, even if they are a good investment proposition.
随着性骚扰丑闻迫使投资者反思他们支持大多由年轻白人男性所创项目的习惯，新的一年硅谷的女性创始人将筹集更多资金。被不光彩传言缠身的一些男性创始人，其初创企业将无法再拿到融资，即使它们是很好的投资项目。
Inside larger technology companies, female employees will be hoping for signs of change in pay and promotions — but will also be on guard, as a men’s rights backlash brews in some corners of Silicon Valley.
在大型科技公司内部，女性雇员将希望看到加薪和升职方面发生变化的迹象——但是，随着男性权利在硅谷某些角落开始酝酿反击，她们也会保持警惕。
Hannah Kuchler is San Francisco correspondent
汉娜库赫勒(Hannah Kuchler)是驻旧金山记者
Banking
银行业
Big banks have more or less given up on trying to retain people with higher pay. Ever since the financial crisis it has been clear that if you want to get seriously rich, you go to Silicon Valley. Ruth Porat laid down a big marker in 2015, swapping an annual $13m or so salary as CFO of Morgan Stanley for a package at Google (now Alphabet) about five times bigger.
大银行已经或多或少地放弃了用高薪留住人才的尝试。自金融危机以来，有一件事很清楚：如果你想暴富，就得去硅谷。露丝波拉特(Ruth Porat)在2015年树立了一个标杆，她放弃了摩根士丹利(Morgan Stanley)首席财务官约1300万美元的年薪，跳槽谷歌（如今的Alphabet）获得五倍于此的薪酬。
Banks just cannot afford to keep up. At Goldman Sachs, for example, net revenues have dropped about a third since 2009, beaten down by structural shifts in trading and new rules crimping risk-taking. The bank tries to keep its pay ratio stable, so that means smaller total packages for the typical employee.
银行根本无力赶上这样的薪酬水平。例如，受交易结构性变化和旨在约束冒险行为的新规打击，自2009年以来高盛(Goldman Sachs)的净收入减少了约三分之一。该行试图让薪酬比保持稳定，这意味着发放给典型员工的总薪酬减少。
No wonder that banks have begun to get creative.
难怪各银行开始变得有创造力。
According to Oliver Cooke, a financial-services recruiter at Selby Jennings in New York, banks have been stressing what they call “internal mobility”, or redeploying staff from one department to another. If a bank facing sluggish conditions in debt trading, for example, can convert a trader to a risk analyst or a compliance officer, it can keep people interested — and it can save a bundle on severance.
据纽约Selby Jennings的金融服务业猎头奥利弗库克(Oliver Cooke)介绍，各银行如今注重它们所称的“内部流动”，即跨部门调职。例如，如果一家银行面临债券交易低迷的情况，它可以让交易员转岗成为风险分析师或合规官，此举可以保持员工的兴趣——同时节省一大笔遣散费。
They will get more creative in 2018, including on non-cash benefits. Bank of America, for example, has just introduced a programme allowing employees of the global banking and markets unit to take a sabbatical — on full pay — for up to six weeks in a year. There are conditions: people must have been with the bank for at least a decade, and can request the time once every five years, to a maximum of three. But in a memo circulated this week, seen by the Financial Times, chief operating officer Tom Montag urged eligible employees to consider it.
2018年它们会拿出更多创造力，包括在非现金效益上的创造力。例如，美国银行(Bank of America)刚刚引入了一项新计划，让全球银行业务和市场部门的员工休至多6周的长假。该计划是有条件的：员工必须在该行工作至少10年，每5年可以申请一次长假，最多享受3次。但根据英国《金融时报》看到的一份内部备忘录，首席运营官汤姆蒙塔格(Tom Montag)鼓励符合条件的员工考虑该计划。
“You can choose to spend the time however you like,” he wrote, suggesting people “go travelling, pursue a philanthropic project, spend quality time with family or simply take time out to recharge and refocus”.
“你们可以选择自己喜欢的休假方式，”他写道，并建议人们“旅行、参加慈善项目、与家人共享天伦之乐，或只是利用假期充电和调整心态”。
Perhaps it will not catch on in the cut-throat world of Wall Street. Some may see an extended absence as an admission that their jobs are expendable, and that colleagues can survive — and perhaps thrive — without them.
或许这种做法不会在竞争激烈的华尔街推广。有人可能会认为，长时间的休假相当于承认他们的工作可有可无，即使没有他们，同事们也可以生存，或许更能发挥才华。
But I expect other banks to follow suit. Any effort to keep good people fresh and engaged, without paying them more, should be up for consideration.
但我预计其他银行将效仿此举。在不涨薪的前提下，任何让优秀员工保持活力和积极性的办法都值得考虑。
Ben McLannahan is US banking editor
本麦克兰纳汗(Ben McLannahan)是美国银行业编辑
Law
法律
Technology is hardly a brand new phenomenon in the legal world — many firms now have partnerships with AI and machine-learning businesses, while some have set up their own “incubators” or invested in lawtech start-ups. But the trend has reached critical mass and will accelerate sharply in 2018.
技术在法律界并不是一个新现象——许多律所已经与人工智能和机器学习企业建立了合作伙伴关系，有些律所还建立了自己的“孵化器”，或者投资了法律科技初创公司。但这一趋势已经达到临界水平，并将在2018年急剧加速。
Lawyers are inherently cautious but most have realised that technology is crucial to crunching through the vast amount of information they handle. Without it, certain document heavy processes, such as disclosure and compliance, would be nearly impossible.
律师本质上是谨慎的，但他们中的大多数人已经认识到，技术是处理他们需要梳理的大量信息的关键。没有技术，披露和合规等一些需要处理很多文件的工作几乎不可能完成。
Bolder lawyers will start working with more “sci-fi” programs that claim to predict the outcomes of legal disputes before they have reached court, by analysing similar cases and past rulings, opposition tactics and win/lose statistics, the success rates of certain lawyers before certain judges, and so on.
较为大胆的律师将开始采用更为“科幻”的程序，这些程序宣称在上法庭前就能预测法律纠纷的结果——通过分析类似案件和过往裁决、反对方策略和胜诉/败诉统计数据、某些律师在某些法官面前的成功率等等。
Such insights are of particular interest to litigation funders, who back claimants in return for a cut of damages and who try to assess the likely outcomes of disputes before committing their money. But that may have to be 2019’s breakthrough, or probably beyond.
此类洞见尤其引起诉讼出资人的兴趣，后者支持原告以换取一定比例的损害赔偿金，并在出钱之前试图评估纠纷的可能结局。但是这种技术可能要到2019年乃至更遥远的未来才能突破。
People have been predicting consolidation in this very fragmented sector for years and there have indeed been big mergers recently. But there is little doubt that price pressures on City law firms are intensifying.
多年来，人们一直预测这个分散的行业将会整合，近期的确出现了大规模合并。但毫无疑问，伦敦金融城的律师事务所正在承受越来越大的价格压力。
Big-spending US firms are forcing their UK counterparts to increase salaries right the way from newly qualifieds to the top rainmakers — though that did not stop David Higgins, private equity star at Freshfields, from decamping to Kirkland & Ellis just before Christmas. Boutique specialists are luring clients away by offering faster, more focused services.
出手阔绰的美国公司正迫使英国同行提高从新入行者到顶级风云人物的薪资——尽管这并未阻止富尔德(Freshfields)的私募股权明星戴维希金斯(David Higgins)在圣诞节前夕跳槽到凯易律师事务所(Kirkland & Ellis)。精品专业律所通过提供更快、更专注的服务来吸引客户。
And in the UK, could this be the year that the big consultancies make proper inroads into the legal market Will other “alternative business structures” — aka purveyors of “Tesco law” — finally gain a toehold at the consumer end by offering fixed-fee services, putting work out to tender to loose networks of lawyers, or cranking up the legal chatbot for instant, affordable advice Someone has to bust this sector open for the sake of the average citizen.
在英国，今年可能是大型咨询公司正式进入法律市场的一年吗？其他的“另类业务结构”——或者说按照“乐购法”(Tesco law)成立的律所——将通过提供固定费用服务、把业务外包给松散的律师网络，或者推出法律聊天机器人提供即时而实惠的建议，而终于立足消费者市场吗？为了普通公民的利益，得有人突破这个领域。
Barney Thompson is legal correspondent
巴尼汤普森(Barney Thompson)是法律记者
The gig economy
零工经济(gig economy)
If 2017 was the year policymakers began to worry about the growth of the “precariat”, 2018 will be the year they try to do something about it.
如果说2017年是政策制定者们开始担心“无保障无产阶级”(precariat)人数增长的一年，那么2018年将是他们尝试为此做些什么的一年。
The rise of populism, even in countries such as the US and UK where plenty of people are in work, has made politicians realise that the quality of jobs is as important as their quantity.
民粹主义的兴起（即使在美国和英国这样的就业人数众多的国家也是如此）使得政客们认识到，就业的质量和数量同等重要。
They are beginning to fret far more about insecure contracts, precarious scheduling, low wages and new forms of work via online gig economy platforms such as Uber. The OECD, the influential Paris-based club for rich countries, will publish a “jobs strategy” in 2018 that is likely to put much more emphasis on the quality and inclusiveness of work.
他们开始对无保障合同、不稳定的工作时间安排、微薄的工资以及依托优步(Uber)等在线零工经济平台的新形态工作感到忧心忡忡。总部位于巴黎的有影响力的富国俱乐部——经济合作与发展组织(OECD)将于2018年发布《就业战略》，其中可能会更加强调工作的质量和包容性。
But what will politicians actually do While President Trump is focused on bringing back traditional manufacturing jobs to America, different US states are experimenting with other policies to help low-paid precarious workers. These range from sharply higher minimum wages to new rules to stop employers changing staff schedules at the last minute.
但是政客们究竟会做什么呢？虽然特朗普总统致力于让传统制造业岗位回流美国，但美国好几个州正在试验其他政策来帮助无保障的低收入工人。这些政策各有不同，既有大幅提高最低工资标准的措施，也有阻止雇主在最后一刻调整员工时间表的新规。
Enthusiastic supporters of the idea of a “universal basic income” for all citizens, meanwhile, will look to Finland where a trial is now well under way. In France, Emmanuel Macron will try to tread a delicate line in 2018 as he reforms the labour market, hoping to inject flexibility without increasing insecurity or incensing the unions.
与此同时，“全民基本收入”理念的热心支持者将会关注芬兰正在进行的一个试点。在法国，埃马纽埃尔马克龙(Emmanuel Macron)将在2018年审慎拿捏，改革劳动力市场，希望在不加大工人不安全感或激怒工会的情况下注入灵活性。
As for the fortunes of the gig economy, the UK will be a key country to watch. The government is due to respond to an independent review into whether British law is keeping up with this new trend. Bold policy action — either in favour or against online labour platforms — now seems less likely given the fragility of the government and the time-consuming nature of Brexit.
就零工经济的命运来说，英国将是一个值得关注的关键国家。英国政府将对一份关于英国法律是否跟得上这一新趋势的独立评估做出回应。考虑到政府的脆弱性和耗时的英国退欧进程，现在似乎不太可能出台大胆的政策行动——无论是支持还是反对在线劳动力平台。
But the UK courts may land a heavy blow on ride-hailing app Uber. In 2017, the California-based company failed to persuade an appeal judge that two of its London drivers are independent contractors. In 2018, the test case will go to the Court of Appeal and possibly to the Supreme Court. If Uber loses the case and is told to assume the responsibilities of an employer, the implications will ripple far and wide.
但英国法庭可能会沉重打击优步叫车应用。2017年，总部位于加州的该公司未能让上诉法官相信，其两名伦敦司机是独立的合同工。2018年，这个判例案件将会打到上诉法院，而且还可能打到最高法院。如果优步败诉，被要求承担起雇主的责任，那将会产生深远的影响。
Sarah O’Connor is employment correspondent
莎拉奥康纳(Sarah O'Connor)是就业记者
Accounting and consultancy
会计和咨询业
Management consultancies pride themselves on being expert advisers on “change” — from helping clients integrate after mergers, to keeping them at the cutting edge of new technology. Several of the world’s largest consultancies will have to make use of their own advice in 2018 as they prepare for leadership changes — the first in years — that will have significant ramifications for their workforce.
管理咨询公司自豪地把自己视为针对“变化”提供咨询的专家，从帮助客户在并购后实现整合，到帮助客户置身于新技术的前沿。2018年，世界上最大的一些咨询机构将不得不好好采用自己的建议，因为它们将迎来多年来首次领导层变动，这将对他们的员工队伍具有重大潜在影响。
This includes McKinsey, the consultancy that kick-started its secretive leadership election process in October with a gathering of more than 500 senior partners at the Grosvenor House Hotel in London. The next stage involves the firm’s 550 senior partners voting on a shortlist of candidates to replace Dominic Barton — the incumbent since 2009 — in January, followed by a run-off between the two most popular candidates in February.
这其中包括麦肯锡(McKinsey)。去年10月，这家咨询机构的500多名高级合伙人汇聚伦敦格罗夫纳豪斯酒店(Grosvenor House Hotel)，启动了神神秘秘的领导层选举程序。下一阶段涉及该公司550名高级合伙人于1月对鲍达民(Dominic Barton)继任者的候选名单进行投票，之后在2月份对两名人气最高的候选人进行第二轮投票。鲍达民自2009年起执掌麦肯锡。
The winner will be announced in March, and is expected to have a significant impact on the direction of the consultancy. Some insiders favour candidates with expertise in fast-growing areas such as data analytics, whereas others want a traditionalist who will protect the firm’s brand.
麦肯锡将于3月宣布当选者，预计此人将对麦肯锡的发展方向产生重大影响。一些内部人士倾向于那些在快速增长领域（比如数据分析）具备专长的候选人，而其他人想要一位可以维护公司品牌的传统主义者。
Change is also under way at Bain & Company, which announced in November that Manny Maceda will become its global leader in March, the first of Asian heritage, and taking the reins of the Boston-based consultancy from Bob Bechek. Experts say Mr Maceda could be instrumental in helping the firm carve out new areas of expertise and edge away from its reputation as a generalist provider.
贝恩公司(Bain & Company)也正处于变革之中，去年11月该公司宣布曼尼马塞达(Manny Maceda)将于2018年3月成为其全球领导人，从鲍勃博切克(Bob Bechek)手中接管这家总部位于波士顿的咨询机构；马塞达将是该公司首位亚洲血统的掌门人。专家们表示，马塞达可能推动该公司开拓新的专长领域，并摆脱业务多而不精的名声。
The 54-year-old has already said he wants Bain to be recognised as a go-to provider of digital expertise. The question is whether this will be achieved through acquisitions, poaching teams or retraining the existing workforce.
54岁的马塞达已经表示，他希望贝恩被公认为数字专长的首选提供商。问题是，他会通过何种方式来实现这一目标——收购、挖人，或是对现有员工进行再培训？
Chicago-based rival AT Kearney is also preparing for a change at the top, with a vote to replace Johan Aurik, who has already served the maximum two terms as managing partner, due to take place in the first quarter of 2018. His replacement will be expected to focus on how to pull AT Kearney out of the ranks of mid-sized players.
总部位于芝加哥的竞争对手科尔尼(AT Kearney)也在为领导层变动做准备，计划于2018年第一季度投票决定接替约翰奥利格(Johan Aurik)的人选。管理合伙人最多担任两个任期，而奥利格已经期满。预计他的继任者将专注于让科尔尼做大，摆脱中等规模参与者之列。
Boston Consulting Group could also be poised to make a change given its managing partner, Richard Lesser, is due to come to the end of his second term in October. His future is unclear, however, as the firm declined to comment on its election process or how many terms its leader can serve.
考虑到波士顿咨询集团(Boston Consulting Group)管理合伙人理查德莱塞(Richard Lesser)的第二任期将于10月结束，该公司可能也将引来变化。然而，由于该公司拒绝就其选举流程及领导人最多可以有几个任期置评，莱塞的未来尚不明确。
The leadership changes across the industry will be of particular interest to female consulting professionals, given none of these firms have ever been run by a woman. Consulting firms are vocal proponents of the business case for improved gender diversity at the top of large companies. It will be interesting to see if any of them decide to practice what they preach.
鉴于这些公司都从未有过女性掌门人，整个咨询行业的领导层变动将尤其引起女性咨询专业人员的兴趣。咨询公司在口头上支持大企业改善领导层性别多元化的商业理由。让我们拭目以待，看看这些公司会不会践行自己推崇的观念。
Madison Marriage is accounting and tax correspondent
麦迪逊马里奇(Madison Marriage)是会计和税收事务记者
Start-ups
初创公司
The future is always bright if you are an entrepreneur, and the opportunities to create new ventures based on the digitisation of age-old services has a long way to run.
如果你是一名创业家，那么未来永远是光明的，基于传统服务的数字化来创立新企业的机会简直取之不尽。
The education sector has remained largely unchanged by online service delivery — but could be transformed dramatically in 2018.
教育行业基本上还未受到在线服务交付的影响——但可能会在2018年经历戏剧性的变化。
Despite the promise of downloadable courses, teaching for officially recognised qualifications continues to be a classroom-based activity undertaken in the real world. Start-ups have taken the attitude that if they cannot beat the universities and colleges at their own game with new methods of delivery, they should join them in partnerships. As a result, they have been busy getting examining boards to endorse their online courses so that they can count towards a bachelor’s or master’s qualification.
尽管可以下载的课程具有较好前景，但在现实世界，得到官方承认的学历仍然基于课堂教学活动。初创公司采取了这样一种态度：如果他们无法以新的服务交付方式在高校的地盘上击败它们，那就应该与之建立合作伙伴关系。其结果是，他们忙着争取考试委员会核准他们的在线课程，使其可以算作学士或硕士学位资格的一部分。
This has given “edtech” start-ups, such as Silicon Valley-based Coursera and London-based FutureLearn, a foothold in the market. Expect them to continue this year, perhaps with a merger with a bricks-and-mortar higher education establishment.
这使得“教育科技”初创公司（比如硅谷的Coursera和伦敦的FutureLearn）在市场上有了立足点。预计它们在2018年将继续这种模式，或许会与某个实体高等教育机构合并。
At tech start-up conferences, such as Slush in Helsinki in December, everyone was talking about experiences. The coming year is likely to see a wider adoption of virtual reality, which places the user in a digitally enhanced environment, and augmented reality, which overlays digital information on to the real world, creating new digital businesses.
在科技初创公司大会上（比如去年12月在赫尔辛基举办的Slush），各方都在讨论体验。未来一年可能会看到更广泛地采用虚拟实境（VR，让用户置身于数字化强化的环境中）和强化实境（AR，把数字信息叠加到现实世界中）来创建新的数字企业。
AR could be the bigger opportunity after Apple’s Tim Cook gave the technology his backing — it was included in Apple’s latest operating system and its iPhone X device.
在苹果(Apple)的蒂姆库克(Tim Cook)支持AR后，该技术可能是更大的机遇。苹果最新操作系统及新款手机iPhone X纳入了AR技术。
The fastest growing start-ups tend to be global in their outlook. The immigration restrictions already imposed by President Trump in the US and those under consideration as part of the UK’s separation from the EU are likely to be a hindrance in the coming year for hiring.
发展最迅速的初创公司往往具有全球化的视野。未来一年，美国总统特朗普已经实施的移民限制，以及英国作为退欧的一部分而在考虑的限制措施，可能会对企业招聘形成障碍。
The US and UK’s losses will be Germany, Sweden and Canada’s gain, as founders set up in the cosmopolitan hubs of Berlin, Stockholm and To