The actress who kick-started the exposure of Hollywood moguls who allegedly exploited positions of power to abuse women has branded #MeToo campaigners against sex attackers 'losers'.
揭露好莱坞流氓的女星发起了MeToo行动，意在揭露高层性侵女性事件，表示性侵者都是“失败者”。
Rose McGowan accused producer Harvey Weinstein of rape this time last year, sparking an avalanche of allegations in the entertainment industry and beyond.
去年此时，罗丝·麦高恩以强奸罪控告制作人哈维·韦恩斯，在娱乐圈引发轩然大波，众多控告纷至沓来。
As stars such as Kevin Spacey and Morgan Freeman were alleged to have assaulted or harassed performers, activists began using the hashtag to share their ordeals online.
凯文·史派西、摩根·弗里曼这样的明星也难逃一劫，被指控性侵演员，积极的网友在网上用标签分享各自的心路历程。
But McGowan has slammed the movement as 'bull****' in today's Sunday Times Magazine, which comes the day after Judge Brett Kavanaugh was sworn in as a Supreme Court justice in the face of historic sexual assault allegations he denies.
今日，麦高恩在杂志Sunday Times Magazine上对性侵维权运动做出不雅评论，头一天布雷特·卡瓦诺法官刚在最高法院中宣誓就职，并于当天否认了性侵控告。
After year of stars such as Salma Hayek and Gwyneth Paltrow claiming to be vistims of harassment, McGowan has said she understands why Donald Trump supporters hate Hollywood, whose apparent liberalism she says is fake.
数年来，莎尔玛·海雅克和格温妮丝·帕特洛都是性侵的受害者，麦高恩表示，她明白特朗普的支持者都憎恨好莱坞，因为他们的自由主义都是假的。
On the subject of #MeToo, she said: 'I just think they're douche bags. They're not champions. I just think they're losers. I don't like them.
提到MeToo行动，麦高恩说：“他们都是混蛋，不是冠军，一群失败者，我不喜欢他们。”
'How do I explain the fact that I got a GQ Man of the Year award and no women's magazines and no women's organisations have supported me?
“我都不知道要怎么解释拿了年度风云人物奖之后，还是没有女性杂志和组织支持我的事。”
'It's all bullshit. It's a lie. It's a Band-Aid lie to make them feel better. I know these people, I know they're lily-livered, and as long as it looks good on the surface, to them, that's enough.'
“狗屎。都在说谎，都是权宜之计，他们不过是想让自己好受些，我知道这些人都是胆小鬼，只要表面上看起来能凑合，对他们来说这就够了。”
McGowan was born into the polygamous Children of God Cult and ran away from home in her teens.
麦高恩出生于多配偶制的邪教家庭，少年时离家出走。
She suffered anorexia while in an abusive relationship after she arrived in Los Angeles.
到达洛杉矶后在一段虐恋中遭受了厌食症。
The Death Proof star's early success was on the independent film circuit. But then she met Harvey Weinstein in a hotel room and it is there that she alleges he raped her.
麦高恩早年的成功依靠于发行独立电影，当时她在酒店房间遇到哈维·韦恩斯坦，就是在那间房里遭受了性侵。
The media mogul is accused of blacklisting the actress after the meeting as well as deploying former Mossad agents to follow her and steal her memoir's manuscript.
哈维·韦恩斯坦被指控此后将麦高恩列入了黑名单，同时雇佣莫萨德机构跟踪麦高恩，窃取她的纪念手稿。
McGowan has also hit out at Meryl Streep, saying that it is 'literally impossible' the actress knew nothing of Weinstein's sexual proclivities until last autumn.
麦高恩同时爆出梅丽尔·斯特里普），说梅丽尔去年秋天才知道韦恩斯坦性侵癖好这件事“根本不可能”。
Though she says 'women have a tight to be angry', McGowan says #MeToo activists have 'sold themselves a fiction' rather than face up to the true nature of Hollywood.
麦高恩说“让女性发怒还很难”，MeToo支持者“为自己编写了一部小说”，并没有直面好莱坞的本质。
When Tom Ravenscroft left Oxford university with a degree in econ-om-ics and management in 2007, he wanted to be a management consultant. He even had a job offer from Oliver Wyman, following an internship. “I had no career vision beyond going into business. It was a very hazy concept,” he says.
当汤姆?雷文斯克罗夫特(Tom Ravenscroft)在2007年拿到经济与管理学位离开牛津大学(Oxford)的时候，他希望当一名管理顾问。而且他也在实习后收到了奥纬咨询(Oliver Wyman)的录用通知。他说：“除了进入商界，我对从事什么职业没有任何想法，职业在那时候还是一个非常模糊的概念。”
At the last minute he opted instead for Teach First, the educational charity that has become the UK’s biggest recruiter of new graduates. Rather than parachuting into companies that needed restructuring, Mr Ravenscroft started teaching business and economics at Cardinal Pole School, which serves 11-19 year old boys and girls in Hackney, east London.
他在最后一刻选择了教育慈善机构Teach First，后者如今已经成为英国招聘新毕业生最多的机构。雷文斯克罗夫特没有空降至需要重组的公司，而是开始在波尔主教学校(Cardinal Pole School)教授商业和经济学，该校主要招收伦敦东部哈克尼区(Hackney)11岁至19岁之间的青少年。
His strategic shift away from corporate strategy was in spite of the fact that his own school had deterred him from making a career in education, even though he had worked as a private tutor.
他做出了不从事企业战略工作的战略性转变，尽管他自己的学校曾经建议他别从事教育方面的职业，虽然他担任过私人教师。
“I thought teaching wasn’t a proper career option. My teacher said I’d need to have a high boredom threshold if I wanted to become a teacher,” he recalls.
他回忆称：“我曾认为教书不是一个合适的职业选择。我的老师告诉我，如果我想当一名老师，就得有很强的忍耐力，不能轻易感到厌倦。”
That Teach First was able to overcome such conditioning is testament to the power of a scheme that has become both a rival to UK private sector recruiters and a finishing school for them.
在Teach First当老师能够不受此类条件束缚，体现了该项目的优势——该机构不仅是英国私营部门招聘企业的竞争对手，也成了它们的一所精修学校。
Funded partly by firms and companies, the charity places top graduates in schools serving low-income communities for at least two years, knowing full well that many of them will leave the profession at the end of this period.
部分在企业界的资助下，该机构将一流毕业生派到面向低收入社区的学校至少两年时间，而且也完全知道，其中许多人将会在这一时期结束后不再从事教学工作。
What Mr Ravenscroft liked about it when he was choosing his graduate career path was that it of-fered the best of two worlds. He would be fast-tracked into the classroom, earning a salary, being mentored by an executive from the private sector and making contacts with business; in return, he would commit to teaching for two years and complete a teacher training qualification.
在选择毕业后的职业道路的时候，雷文斯克罗夫特青睐Teach First的原因是，它兼具两个世界的好处。他能够快速当上教师，领取薪水，接受私人部门高管的指导，并与企业接触；相应地，他将承诺任教两年，完成教师资格培训认证。
The reality turned out to be tougher than he imagined. “I saw it as a two-year opportunity,” says Mr Ravenscroft. “The grinding reality is that it’s a slog.” Moreover, his mentor worked at Lehman Brothers, the bank that collapsed in 2008. “It wasn’t quite as long a mentoring relationship as I’d hoped,” he laughs.
但现实远比他想象的艰难。雷文斯克罗夫特表示：“我曾以为这就是一个机会，要花掉两年，但现实是严峻的，因为这活不好干。”此外，他的导师在雷曼兄弟(Lehman Brothers)工作，这家银行于2008年破产。他大笑着说：“这段指导关系持续的时间没有我希望的那么长。”
Mr Ravenscroft ended up leaving teaching to found Enabling Enterprise, a body that seeks to bridge the gulf between schools and business by taking pupils out of the classroom and giving them practical projects and visits to businesses, including UBS, the bank, and Freshfields, the law firm.
雷文斯克罗夫特最终不再从事教学工作，他创办了Enabling Enterprise，这是一家寻求减轻学校和企业脱节现象的机构，它让学生走出教室，从事实践项目并实地探访包括瑞银(UBS)和富而德律所(Freshfields)在内的企业。
But he sees his time in the classroom as invaluable, crediting it with having given him a resilience that he now draws on in the latest phase of his career.
但他认为自己任教的经历非常宝贵，可以让他很快适应新的职业阶段。
When it was set up in 2002, Teach First’s aim was to encourage more graduates to try teach-ing. Amid worries that the best brains in the country were being lured into the City of London, accountancy and law, the idea was to tap some of their brain power for state schools, in an attempt to tackle educational inequality.
Teach First在2002年创立之初的目标是鼓励更多的毕业生尝试教学。由于担心该国最优秀的人才都被吸引至伦敦金融城、会计和法律行业，它希望为公立学校培养一些人才，以解决教育不平等问题。
Since then, Teach First has put 5,000 graduates into schools, working with more than 1m pupils in low-income areas, helping to raise standards in classrooms, particularly London.
Teach First自成立以来将5000名毕业生送入学校任教，与低收入地区的逾100万学生合作，帮助提高了教学质量，尤其是伦敦地区的教学质量。
Recruits are expected to have a decent degree result — a 2.1 or above. While academic credentials are important, Teach First also looks for personal skills such as humility, respect and empathy. Applications to join the scheme outnumber the places available by seven to one.
新职员有望获得一个体面的成绩单——2.1甚至更高。尽管学历证书很重要，但Teach First也希望培养谦逊、尊敬他人和同理心等个人品质。该项目的申请数量是可提供职位的7倍。
The advantages for schools seem clear: they enjoy the benefits of bright graduates who would otherwise have gone straight into consulting.
学校获得的好处似乎显而易见：它们有了优秀的毕业生任教，否则这些学生将会直接进入咨询行业。
The collaboration with business is important, adds Teach First, not just for the funding but to help schools equip students with more of the skills required by modern employers.
Teach First补充称，与企业的合作非常重要，这不仅是因为资金问题，还因为这能帮助学校让学生掌握现代雇主所需要的更多技巧。
Tony Moloney, head of education and skills at National Grid, says the UK utility’s involvement is part of its broader strategy to encourage school students to study Stem subjects — science, technology, engineering and mathematics — and learn more about jobs in his sector.
英国国家电网(National Grid)的教育和技能主管托尼?莫洛尼(Tony Moloney)表示，参与该项目是国家电网旨在鼓励学校学生学习STEM科目（科学，技术、工程和数学）以及熟悉本领域工作的总体计划的一部分。
Of the graduates to have been through the scheme, 42 per cent have not persisted with teaching. But Teach First says even those who have left the profession remain loyal to the programme’s values.
在完成该项目的毕业生当中，42%没有继续从事教学工作。但Teach First表示，即便是那些离开教学领域的人也依然认可该项目的价值。
According to a 2014 survey it conducted, 86 per cent of respondents who finished the two years said they were taking action to end educational in-equality through their work and 65 per cent outside of their work.
该机构在2014年的一项调查显示，在完成两年教学的受访者当中，86%表示他们通过自己的工作为改变教育不平等采取了行动，65%表示在工作以外采取了行动。
“Teach Firsters” are highly desirable for recruiters, says Claire Burton, head of corporate responsibility at the UK arm of Deloitte, the accountant and consultant, bec-ause they are good at working in teams and are strong leaders.
会计和咨询机构德勤(Deloitte)英国分公司的企业责任主管克莱尔?伯顿(Claire Burton)表示，Teach First出来的人很受招聘人员的欢迎，因为他们擅长团队合作，有很强的领导能力。
Moreover, as some of the firm’s business involves advising the government on education, such recruits’ expertise is invaluable.
此外，由于该机构的一些业务涉及为政府提供教育方面的建议，此类员工的专长是很宝贵的。
Another positive of the scheme is that it encourages professional flexibility, preparing the young for the career zigging and zagging that might be necessary in the modern world of work.
该项目的另一个好处在于，它鼓励了职业灵活性，让年轻人对曲折的职业道路有所准备，而后者可能在现代职场中是必不可少的。
Gunal Youssouf, 23, is a Teach Firster who has joined the UK arm of PwC’s management consultancy graduate scheme. She says the two-year program-me gave her a chance to taste teaching without the cost of studying for a traditional qualification.
23岁的古纳尔?优素福(Gunal Youssouf)是Teach First人，她加入了普华永道(PwC)英国分公司的管理咨询毕业生项目。优素福表示，在Teach First的两年让她有机会在不用花钱攻读传统资格证书的情况下尝试教学工作。
Equally, a three-week interning stint at PwC in the school summer holidays gave her the chance to sample life in a professional services firm. “I didn’t think I would get a place on [PwC’s programme] as I had no business experience,” she says.
同样，学校暑假期间在普华永道的一个为期3周的实习职位让她有机会体验在一家专业服务公司的生活。她说：“我曾经以为自己参加不了（普华永道项目），因为我没有工作经验。”
Businesses can benefit in other ways too. Craig Rollason, business analysis manager at National Grid, says he has improved his coaching skills by mentoring a Teach Firster.
企业也在其他方面受益。英国国家电网公司的业务分析经理克雷格?罗拉森(Craig Rollason)表示，他通过指导一位Teach Firste人提高了自己的指导技巧。
Andrew Bargery, campus and schools engagement leader at PwC, says Teach First graduates stand out: “They have already worked in a professional envir-onment and have professional maturity and are good at building relationships.”
普华永道的校园和学校雇佣主管安德鲁?巴杰里(Andrew Bargery)表示，Teach First的毕业生出类拔萃：“他们已经在专业环境下工作过，拥有专业成熟度，并擅长交际。”
However, one lawyer, who prefers to remain anonymous, says Teach Firsters’ prior experience and autonomy in a classroom can mean they feel frustrated starting at the bottom of an organisation’s ladder again.
然而，一位要求匿名的律师表示，Teach First人从事教学工作获得的经验和自主能力可能意味着，他们会对再次从一家机构的底层做起感到沮丧。
Mr Ravenscroft believes he would have had a narrower perspective if he had become a management consultant. Teaching also helped him develop a willingness to take risks — the hard way. “If you stand in front of 30 teenagers who won’t hold back when you’re doing something wrong it makes you willing to try things.”
雷文斯克罗夫特认为，如果他成为一名管理顾问，他的视野可能会相对狭窄。教学工作也有助于他变得愿意承担风险——这来之不易。“如果你曾站在30名会毫不犹豫地指出你的错误的青少年面前讲课，这种体验可能会让你变得愿意去尝试。”
Capsized ship righted
'东方之星'船体完全扶正
One side of the capsized Eastern Star was rolled above water at 7:30 am Friday, as rescuers worked through the night to right the upturned ship in the Yangtze River. The side that has emerged shows "Eastern Star" in Chinese character on the hull.
经过救援人员一夜的船体扶正工作，5日7时30分，在长江倾覆的"东方之星"船体已侧翻过来，露出水面的船体写着"东方之星"四个汉字。
CCTV reported Friday morning that teams would still try to lift the vessel.
据央视5日清晨报道，救援队将继续船体起吊工作。
Transport Ministry spokesman Xu Chengguang told a news conference that no further signs of life had been found and the chance of finding anyone else alive was "very slim."
交通运输部新闻发言人徐成光通报称，未发现更多生命迹象，搜寻到生还者的希望"非常渺茫"。
Xu said at a press conference that by 10:20 am, 97 bodies have been retrieved.
徐成光在新闻发布会上表示，截至上午10时20分，已打捞出97具遗体。
Security questions risks
'安全提示问题'并不安全
Researchers at Google discovered that security questions as a standalone method for recovering access to accounts is not an efficient model.
谷歌研究员发现，用安全性问题作为恢复账号登录的唯一方式，并不是那么有效。
The study relied on a dataset of hundreds of millions of secret answers and millions of account recovery requests.
该研究基于数亿个安全问题的答案以及数百万条恢复账号登录的请求。
If the user set up a truthful answer, according to statistics provided by the researchers, in 19.7% of the cases, an attacker would need a single try to guess the correct answer to the question "What is your favorite food?" in the case of American users.
根据研究者提供的数据，如果用户设置了真实答案，美国用户设置的"你最喜欢的食物"只需1次尝试就能成功破译的概率是19.7%；
With 10 guesses, an attacker would have a 39% chance of guessing Korean-speaking users' answers to the question "What is your city of birth?"
韩语用户设置的"你的出生地"猜10次就能成功破译的概率是39%。
As per their findings, the recovery mechanism based on reset SMS codes recorded a success rate of 81%, while the method relying on backup emails proved to be efficient in 75% of the cases.
研究显示，通过短信获取重置码、备选邮箱来恢复登陆的有效性分别为81%、75%。
China's rich seek own islands
中国富人正在寻找属于自己的岛
Wealthy Chinese are showing growing interest in islands in recent years.
中国富人近年来对岛屿表现出越来越浓厚的兴趣。
There are at least 600 island owners in China, Lin Dong, founder of the China Island Owners Association, estimates.
据中国岛主联盟发起者林东估计，目前中国至少有600名岛主。
Most of these islands were owned by corporations planning tourism, but also by individuals who built private clubhouses to entertain friends.
大部分岛主为意在开发旅游业的企业，但也有私人岛主，他们买岛则是为了在岛上建私人会所招待朋友。
Islands in China come with many restrictions on their use and just 50 years of ownership.
中国对岛屿的使用有诸多限制，而且仅出让50年产权。
But most overseas islands are sold as freehold properties.
但大部分海外岛屿则会出售永久产权。
Wealthy Chinese bought at least seven overseas islands in 2014.
中国富人2014年在海外购买了至少7块小岛。
Sandy has caused large-scale damage, with more possibly to come.
桑迪已经造成大规模损害，很可能带来更多灾害。
Floodwaters surround homes near the Mantoloking Bridge the morning after Sandy hit Mantoloking, New Jersey.
在桑迪飓风登陆新泽西Mantoloking之后的早晨，洪水包围了Mantoloking大桥附件的房屋。
At a minimum, it is impossible for most people to get to work in the city, which affects the locus of several industries, including finance, advertising, healthcare and the arts. The city's transportation lines, bridges, and tunnels were shut down for nearly two days, and at the latest report, the subways may be down well into next week.
至少在城市大部分人能去上班是不可能的，这将影响多个行业，包括金融、广告、医疗保健和艺术。近两天城市的交通线路、桥梁、隧道都瘫痪了，在最新的报告中，地铁到下周可能会正常运作。
A fallen tree blocks a street in Washington, DC, on Tuesday.
周二在华盛顿DC倒下的大树把一条街拦住了。
People walk in the rain along the swollen Potomac River in the Georgetown neighborhood of Washington, DC, on Tuesday.
周二在华盛顿DC的乔治市附近，人们沿着被淹的波托马克河在雨中漫步。
Traffic was halted along Interstate 68 in Frostburg, Maryland on Tuesday. Wet snow and high winds spinning off the edge of superstorm Sandy spread blizzard conditions over parts of West Virginia and neighboring Appalachian states.
周二在马里兰的弗罗斯特堡沿着68号州际公路的交通瘫痪了。飓风桑迪带来的湿雪以及大风横扫西弗吉尼亚和邻近的阿巴拉契亚州部分地区并引发恶劣天气。
A person walks through snow Tuesday in Belington, West Virginia. Superstorm Sandy buried parts of West Virginia under more than a foot of snow on Tuesday.
周二在西弗吉尼亚州的贝灵顿一个人在雪地里行走。星期二飓风桑迪使得西弗吉尼亚州的部分地区被超过一英尺的雪所覆盖。
? Dozens were killed, hundreds of miles of coastline were flooded and New York City's infrastructure was dealt a massive blow as the super-storm Sandy moved through the mid-Atlantic states on Monday night and into Tuesday. Millions of people were left without power.
?随着飓风桑迪在周一晚上到周二转移到大西洋中部各州，数十人死亡、数百英里的海岸线被淹没以及纽约市的基础设施遭受了巨大打击。数以百万计的人被置于停电的境况下。
? Ten of a reported 33 fatalities occured in New York City, and that number was expected to rise, according to Mayor Michael Bloomberg. Deaths in New York were attributed to falling trees, electrocution and drowning.
?根据市长迈克尔?布隆伯格，报道的33个事故有10个发生在纽约，数字还有望上升。纽约的死亡是由于倒下的树木、电击和溺水。
? President Obama declared a "major disaster" in New York and New Jersey. Flooding devastated the coast and more than 2.3 million lost power. The National Guard rescued hundreds from flooding in New Jersey. The governor, Chris Christie, a Republican, said the damage was "unthinkable". He praised the "outstanding" co-operation he had received from Obama.
?奥巴马总统在纽约和新泽西宣布一场“大灾难”。洪水摧毁了海岸和超过230万人失去了电。在新泽西国家警卫队从洪水中救出数百人。州长克里斯?克里斯蒂，共和党人，说这次损失是“无法想象的”。他赞扬了从奥巴马那收到的“突出”配合。
? The transport infrastructure in New York City has been dealt a huge blow. Many of the city's subway tunnels are flooded.
?在纽约的交通基础设施遭受巨大的打击。许多城市的地铁隧道被淹没。
? The failure of a backup generator forced the evacuation of the Langone Medical Center, part of NYU hospital. About 200 patients had to be moved. Officials are investigating why the backup power failed.
?备用发电机的失败使得纽约大学医院分部的Langone医学中心被迫撤离。大约200名病人被迫转移。官员们正在调查备用电源失败的原因。
? Heavy snow has fallen in West Virginia, with up to 17 inches in Webster Springs. The National Weather Service has warned that more is on the way.
?大雪已经降落在西弗吉尼亚州，在韦伯斯特斯普林斯雪的厚度达到17英寸。国家气象局警告说更多的雪还在路上。
? Aid workers are worried about a food crisis in Haiti, where Hurricane Sandy killed 52 people last week. The UN is also concerned that flooding could lead to a sharp rise in cholera cases. At least 69 people were killed by Sandy in the Caribbean.
?援助工人担心在海地的粮食危机，上周那里飓风桑迪造成了52人死亡。联合国也担心洪灾可能导致霍乱病例急剧上升。在加勒比海桑迪造成至少69人遇难。
Barack Obama went on the offensive over foreign policy in the third and final presidential debate, repeatedly accusing Mitt Romney of flip-flopping on major international issues but failing to deliver a killer blow to his opponent's resurgent campaign.
在第三场也是最后一场总统候选人辩论中，奥巴马就外交政策发起攻势，一再指责罗姆尼在重大国际问题上的立场不坚定，但未能给他对手迅速崛起的竞选活动一个致命打击。
While the president emerged as the narrow winner on the night, the encounter, which was cordial and largely uneventful compared with the previous two debates, is unlikely to have much impact on the outcome of the election.
虽然总统那晚险胜，此次相逢与前两次辩论相比是诚恳且基本上平安无事的，不太可能对选举结果产生多大的影响。
Going into the debate at Lynn University in Boca Raton, Florida, Obama had an inbuilt advantage on foreign policy and security. As president, with access to daily briefings by intelligence analysts, diplomats and generals, he is better briefed and it showed as he dominated Romney in the first half of the debate.
在佛罗里达州博卡拉顿林恩大学的辩论，在外交政策和安全上奥巴马有一个固有的优势。作为总统，能接触到情报分析员、外交官和将军的每日简报，他能更好的概括，好像在上半场的辩论中他支配着罗姆尼。
The Republican candidate appeared unsure at times and occasionally stumbled over his lines as if struggling to remember his briefing notes. He began sweating as Obama, aggressive from the start, got the better of him during exchanges on Iran, Iraq and Russia as well as on US military spending.
共和党候选人时常表现出不确定以及偶尔会忘了自己要说的，好像在试图记住他的简要笔记。当奥巴马从一开始就咄咄逼人时他开始出汗，在伊朗、伊拉克、俄罗斯以及美国的军费开支的交流中他才表现得更好。
On issue after issue, from Iranian sanctions to withdrawal from Afghanistan, there was little difference between his position and that of the administration, but Romney insisted he would have projected American strength more effectively.
一个问题接着一个问题，从伊朗制裁到从阿富汗撤军，他的位置和政府态度之间的差别不大，但罗姆尼坚持他将更有效地加强美国的力量。
While the debate was supposed to be solely about foreign policy, domestic concerns were never far from the surface and the candidates took every opportunity to pivot to their stump speech attacks over the economy and tax. The same was true in the spin room afterwards where both campaign teams dispensed quickly with debate comments and moved instead to analysis of the state of the race in swing states.
尽管辩论被认为是仅仅关于外交政策的，但国内关注从未远离表面，候选人抓住每一个机会围绕他们的竞选演说在经济和税收方面给予攻击。之后在旋转屋也是一样，两个竞选团队很快分配着辩论评论，同时转到摇摆州中的竞争状态分析。
Obama won the second to put himself back in the race. Although he also won the third, foreign policy is not a major concern for voters and it is unlikely to result in any major poll swings.
奥巴马赢得了第二场辩论挽回颓势。虽然他也赢得了第三场，外交政策并不是选民关注的主要问题，这不大可能导致较大的选票波动。
The exchanges revealed there is little major difference between the two in term of their approach to security and foreign affairs. On Iran both vowed it will not be allowed to have nuclear weapons. Rommey said he would introduce more stringent sanctions; Obama said they were already as stringent as they could possibly be.
此次交流显示，两人在长期的安全和外交事务的处理中他们并没有大的区别。在伊朗问题上他们都发誓不会允许其拥有核武器。 罗姆尼说他将出台更严厉的制裁，奥巴马说他们已经尽最大可能的严厉了。
The image of a smooth-talking, chain-smoking and sexist James Bond may be a thing of the past as the latest 007 novel gives him a politically-correct makeover.
由于最新一部007系列小说给詹姆斯·邦德（James Bond）进行了政治正确的大改造，能言善道、烟不离口、大男子主义的邦德形象可能将成为过去式。
Author Anthony Horowitz has revealed the new book Trigger Mortis has been amended for modern readers and contains anti-smoking messages and for the first time an ‘outspoken’ gay friend.
小说作者安东尼·赫洛维兹（Anthony Horowitz）透露，新书《Trigger Mortis》为现代读者作了改动，包含反对吸烟的信息，而且首次有一位“直言不讳”的同性恋朋友出场。
Horowitz admitted that while doing so he has had to work carefully to preserve 007's characters and attitude as created by the spy novel’s first author Ian Fleming, who died in 1964.
赫洛维兹承认，他这样做时不得不小心翼翼，以保存这部间谍小说的首位作者伊恩·弗莱明（Ian Fleming）所创造的007的个性和态度。弗莱明于1964年逝世。
As the younger generation begins to frown on Bond’s chauvinistic attitudes and unhealthy lifestyle in the era of political correctness, Horowitz has introduced a cast of new characters who will point out the error of his ways.
在这个力求避免任何歧视的态度的年代，年轻一代开始不满邦德的大男子主义态度和不健康的生活方式，因此赫洛维兹引入了一系列会指出邦德错误的新人物。
Included will be messages about smoking causing cancer and women who give the charmer a run for his money as 'little twists' have been added to make the story suitable for the modern reader.
为了让故事更符合现代读者的口味，新作加入了一些“小花样”，包括吸烟会导致癌症的广告词以及一位跟邦德不相上下的女性。
For the first time a Bond girl’s storyline will be followed beyond her fleeting experience with 007, with the return of Pussy Galore.
普斯·格洛（Pussy Galore）在本书中回归，这也是首次有邦女郎在邦德身边昙花一现后，拥有了自己的故事线。
In the book, Galore moves in with Bond in London and together they spend their mornings squabbling.
在小说中，格洛搬来与邦德在伦敦同居，并在争吵中一起度过早晨时光。
Horowitz, speaking to radio station RTE, said he was keen to keep the new Bond true to the 1950s creation.
赫洛维兹对爱尔兰广播公司RTE表示，他的新邦德形象强烈忠于50年代的邦德。
He added that there was an unavoidable issue with the original plot, because Pussy Galore was cast as a lesbian who cannot help but be overcome with lust for Bond.
他补充说，原本的故事情节里有个无法回避的问题，因为格洛本来的设定是个深陷对邦德的欲望而无法自拔的女同性恋。
'The book is true to the character and keeps him as fans would want him, which is as the original hard-bitten guy,' he said.
他说：“小说忠于邦德的人物形象，邦德还是粉丝喜欢的、那个最初的硬汉邦德。”
'But then it always challenges and nudges and says "well wait a minute".
“但书中又总是有人质疑他、说服他、跟他说‘慢着’。”
'One of the challenges of writing the book was that attitude that a heterosexual man can change a woman's life and make her go weak at the knees.
“写这本书的一大挑战是异性恋男人能改变一个女人的生活并使她死心塌地的看法。”
'That's something that would be challenged, I think, in the 21st century.
“我想，在21世纪，人们绝对会质疑这件事。”
'So it's how do you square that circle? How do you remain true to the original creation and concept and yet at the same time not offend people in the 21st century?
“所以问题在于你如何将不可能化为可能？如何保证既忠于原始人物和设定，同时不冒犯21世纪的读者？
'If you read Trigger Mortis, you’ll see actually there is a little twist to the tale in that particular story which I think sort of pays him off for his slightly patronising attitude.'
“如果你读了这本书，你就会发现，在这个故事里有个小插曲，我想那在某种程度上报复了邦德有些傲慢的态度。”
Explaining how he adjusted the novel, he said: 'I think the answer is that in the book I remain true to every one of Bond's things.
在解释他如何改动小说时，赫洛维兹说：“我想答案是在书中忠实于邦德的全部特征。”
'He does smoke cigarettes, he smokes many, many cigarettes.
“他还是抽雪茄的，他抽很多、很多雪茄。”
'But then what I do is I nudge him with a little reference to a newspaper article he happens to glance at which just reminds him that these things will give him cancer.
“但我让他在碰巧看了一眼报纸时，看到上面一篇文章提醒他吸烟会致癌。
'With women, he has this sort of patronising carnal attitude with them which is absolutely accurate to the Bond of the books. But then by creating very strong women he is given quite a run for his money and his attitudes are challenged.
“邦德对待女人的态度是那种高高在上的、肉欲的，这完全符合007系列小说中邦德的形象。但我创作出十分强势的女人，与他难分伯仲地竞争，他的看法由此受到挑战。
'I also gave him a very outspoken gay friend, who chides him and says "come on Bond, you're living in the 20th century now not the Middle Ages".
“我还给了他一个直言不讳的同性恋朋友，他会责备邦德，说：‘拜托，邦德，你是生活在20世纪，不是中世纪。’”
'My first duty, my first responsibility was to be true to the original feel of the book, to be true to Ian Fleming: his creation, his world and his ideas.
“我首要的使命、首要的责任是忠实于这本书的原始感觉，忠实于伊恩·弗莱明：他的作品、他的世界和他的构想。
'What I was trying to do was wrap myself in his mantle and write a book that would be worthy of him.'
“我试图做到的是继承他的衣钵，写一本典型的伊恩·弗莱明式的007小说。”
Trigger Mortis was released on September 8, ahead of the release of the latest Bond film Spectre which is out in cinemas on October 26.
《Trigger Mortis》于9月8日发行，先于10月26日上映的007新电影《（幽灵党（暂译）》（Spectre）。
James Bond is one of the few constants that movie lovers have in this crazy world of ours. We seem to know that, no matter what, a new Bond movie is always on the way.
在这个风云变幻的世界，詹姆斯·邦德俘获了不少铁杆粉丝，是至今为数不多的仍在续拍的电影之一。在人们的意识里，无论发生什么事情，新的007电影依然会拍下去。
The history of James Bond theme songs isn't quite as long as some might suspect, however. The first two films in the series – Dr. No and From Russia With Love – didn't have opening songs, they had orchestral arrangements. Dr. No even segued into a weird rendition of "Three Blind Mice." Later on, On Her Majesty's Secret Service gave the opening number amiss and snuck its theme song into the middle and end of the movie.
然而，007系列电影主题曲却并没有人们想象的那么历史悠久。第一部《诺博士》和第二部《俄罗斯之恋》没有开场曲，而是安排了管弦乐。《诺博士》甚至插入了《三只瞎老鼠》的怪异演奏。随后，《女王密使》才开始有了开场曲，并且在影片的中间和结尾插入了主题曲。
These are the official James Bond theme songs, ranked from worst to best, with two honorable mentions because they may or may not count, but were just that good, dang it.
以下将007系列电影官方主题曲按受欢迎程度由低到高进行排序。其中还荣誉推荐了两首有可能不属于官方歌曲的曲子。它们一样很好听。
James Bond Themes Honorable Mention: "We Have All The Time in the World" by Louis Armstrong
007系列电影荣誉主题曲之一：路易斯·阿姆斯特朗--《我们拥有世界上的所有时间》
On Her Majesty's Secret Service gets an honorable mention on our list of James Bond Theme songs.
在007电影主题曲榜单上，《女王密使》的主题曲获得荣誉推荐。
One of the best James Bond theme songs wasn't actually played over the opening credits, so we're giving it our first honorable mention. This enormously romantic song from On Her Majesty's Secret Service is one of the few James Bond themes that helps tell the story of the film, in which our hero finally meets the love of his life. (Alas, it was short-lived.) Satchmo warbles his trademark warble, our hearts melt, and a classic is born.
这是007系列电影最佳主题曲之一，但实际上并没有在片头演奏，所以我们把它放在荣誉推荐的第一位。这首浪漫的曲子呼应了电影情节的发展，最终詹姆斯·邦德遇到了真爱。（可惜他们的恋情维持不久便结束了。）路易斯·阿姆斯特朗运用了他标志性的颤音，听者心弦颤动，一个经典诞生了。
James Bond Themes Honorable Mention: "Surrender" by K.D. Lang
007系列电影荣誉主题曲之二：凯蒂·朗--《屈服》
Tomorrow Never Dies gets the other honorable mention on our James Bond theme song list.
本榜单另一个荣誉推荐的是《明日帝国》的主题曲。
Originally intended for the opening credits of Tomorrow Never Dies, and then for some reason relegated to the closing credits, K.D. Lang's "Surrender" is silken and cool. The horn sections are sassy and powerful. It's one of the best James Bond theme songs, and it's not even officially a James Bond theme song. And it's a heck of a lot better than the official theme the movie finally got.
《屈服》原本打算用作片头曲，后来出于种种考虑作为片尾曲。这首歌曲总体来说温柔清新，但是管乐部分却大气磅礴。这是007系列电影主题曲中最出色的曲子之一，但并不是官方主题曲。它甚至比《明日帝国》最终选定的官方主题曲好听得多。
James Bond Themes 10. "Diamonds Are Forever" by Shirley Bassey
007系列电影主题曲第十名：雪莉·巴赛--《永远的钻石》
The second-best song that Shirley Bassey performed for the James Bond franchise is still one of the best. For a series that, on some level, has always been about wish fulfillment, listening to one of the great singers belt powerful notes about avarice seems just about right. So say what you will about the film (it's not on many of the lists of James Bond's best), but Bassey had good material here and she knocked it out of the park.
雪莉·巴赛为007系列电影演唱了两首名曲，这是其中之一。从某种程度上来说，007系列电影一直讲述的是心愿达成的故事。观众在享受剧情的同时，耳旁听着最棒的歌手用强有力的声音唱着关于贪欲的歌词，真是恰到好处。所以无论你对这部电影抱有何种看法（尽管这不是007系列最佳电影之一），巴赛拥有上好的素材，创作了让人眼前一亮的歌曲。
James Bond Themes 9. "The Man with the Golden Gun" by Lulu
007系列电影主题曲第九名：露露--《金枪人》
Not a lot of Bond villains get their own theme song, but Christopher Lee's assassin from The Man with the Golden Gun gets a flashy, catchy, groovy tune that makes him seem cool as hell. (And of course, he is.) Lulu completely sells the awesomeness of the villain Scaramanga, and although the song may seem almost ridiculously upbeat today, it only adds to the charm.
007电影中，反派人物往往没有自己的主题曲，但是《金枪人》中克里斯多弗·李扮演的暗杀者出场时有一段轻快动人的绝妙曲调，衬托出暗杀者如地狱使者般帅气冷酷。LuLu的演唱完全演绎出这个反派斯卡拉孟加的过人之处。即使这首歌在今天来说欢快得有点可笑，但这也增添了它的魅力。
James Bond Themes 8. "You Only Live Twice" by Nancy Sinatra
007系列电影主题曲第八名：南希·辛纳查--《你只能活两次》
Another love ballad for Bond, but if Nancy Sinatra's song from You Only Live Twice was playing at your orthodontist's office, it would be the sexiest orthodontist's office in town. There's a mysterious quality to the string section, and a playfulness to the declining notes. They combine to make something rather magical. From here on out all of the Bond songs on this list are bona fide classics.
这是007系列电影的另一首爱情歌曲。如果《雷霆谷》的这首主题曲在你的牙齿矫正医生办公室播放，那么这将是镇上最帅最性感的牙齿矫正医生的办公室。弦乐部分充满神秘感，降调充满趣味。这两者结合缔造了神奇。榜单从这开始往后所有的007电影主题曲都是真正的经典。
James Bond Themes 7. "Nobody Does It Better" by Carly Simon
007系列电影主题曲第七名：卡莉·西蒙--《没人做得更好》
Some would argue that Carly Simon's theme to The Spy Who Loved Me is the best James Bond theme song ever. They may have a point, but maybe what's really going on is that this is just "the best song from a James Bond movie." It's a fun tune, catchy as hell, romantic and beautifully sung. But nothing about this seems to specifically evoke James Bond, his adventures, his history or even his films. "Nobody Does It Better" is still a winner by any estimation; there's just happens to be a reason why it didn't crack our top five.
有人会认为卡莉·西蒙演唱的《海底城》的主题曲最好听。他们可能有自己的理由，可能是因为这是"邦德电影中最好听的歌曲"。曲调欢快、充满吸引力、浪漫抒情，卡莉西蒙的演唱打动人心。但是这些对詹姆斯·邦德、他的冒险旅程、他的来历甚至他的电影没有任何特殊引导作用。尽管《没人做得更好》被认为是一首好歌，但是由于上述原因它并没能进入榜单前五名。
James Bond Themes 6. "A View to a Kill" by Duran Duran
007系列电影主题曲第六名：杜兰·杜兰--《雷霆杀机》
A lot of the best James Bond theme songs sound like they belong in a lounge act. That's not a complaint, just an observation. For whatever reason, the English new wave act Duran Duran was given free reign to provide A View to a Kill with a new and exciting sound all its own. "A View to a Kill" was a hit song, and it probably would have been a success even without the James Bond connection. It's entertaining and cool and energetic, and it promises one hell of a good time. (Whether or not the movie actually lives up to that promise is a matter of some debate.)
许多邦德电影主题曲听起来像酒吧表演歌曲。这不是抱怨，仅仅只是观察。无论出于何种原因，英国热门乐团杜兰杜兰发挥自身才能，为电影《雷霆杀机》创作了这首歌。曲调新颖，振奋人心。《雷霆杀机》是一首即使不依靠邦德电影也能成功的主打歌曲。歌曲轻松愉悦、活力四射，暗含一段令人沉醉的美好时光。（至于电影是否恰如歌曲讲述的那样尚有争议。）
James Bond Themes 5. "Live and Let Die" by Paul McCartney and Wings
007系列电影主题曲第五名：保罗·麦卡特尼和Wings乐队--《生死关头》
Big and brassy! Paul McCartney (yes, yes, and also Wings) ushered in a new era of James Bond movies with the theme to Live and Let Die, sending the series careening into a 1970s musical sound as the franchise rebranded itself with a new leading man, Roger Moore. This is an almost maniacally excited song. The melody shifts and spirals and builds and sinks and hardly gives the listener a chance to get their bearings. It's a thrill.
保罗麦·卡特尼（是的，还有Wings乐队）凭着邦德电影《生死关头》的主题曲闯出了一片新天地。007系列电影做出了一些更换，灵魂人物邦德改由罗杰·摩尔出演，因此影片选取了20世纪70年代的音乐声作为主题曲。这是一首令人异常兴奋的歌，旋律变化无常、旋转跳跃、跌宕起伏，听众根本没有机会抓住歌曲要表达的东西，令人震撼。
James Bond Themes 4. "Thunderball" by Tom Jones
007系列电影主题曲第四名：汤姆·琼斯--《霹雳弹》
The lyrics are stupid, but who cares? Tom Jones sings like nobody's business, and pounds the theme to Thunderball out with a silky energy. It's powerful but alluring. This is the sort of song you imagine Bond would play on a jukebox when he's about to seduce you. There are better James Bond theme songs, but none from a male singer. Tom Jones and James Bond probably go out for dry martinis together all the time. They're the perfect pair.
歌词有点蠢，但是谁在乎呢？汤姆·琼斯自顾自的演唱，将《雷霆杀机》的主题曲以一种柔中带刚的方式演绎出来，充满力量而又蛊惑人心。你会觉得邦德在诱惑你的时候会在点唱机上点这样的歌。还有其他更好听的007电影主题曲，但是只有这首是由男歌手演唱。也许汤姆·琼斯经常会和詹姆斯·邦德一同出去喝干马丁尼。他们是最佳拍档。
James Bond Themes 3. "Skyfall" by Adele
007系列电影主题曲第三名：阿黛尔--《天降杀机》
It's almost TOO good. Soulful and aching and grand, Adele's theme to Skyfall is stunningly performed, and gives the distinct impression that someone tried to make the ultimate James Bond theme and had the talent to back it up. History and sensuousness have elevated two songs higher than Adele's contribution, at least in our eyes, but not by much.
这首歌简直太好听了。感情丰沛、大气磅礴，阿黛尔为《大破天幕杀机》演唱的主题曲令人拍案叫绝。这首歌让人们对詹姆斯·邦德留下了独特的印象，人们以后还能借由这首主题曲重拾对詹姆斯·邦德的记忆。尽管历史和原有的情感使其他两首歌的排名高于这首歌，但是至少在我们看来，阿黛尔的《天降杀机》和前两名相差无几。
James Bond Themes 2. "GoldenEye" by Tina Turner
007系列电影主题曲第二名：蒂娜·特纳--《黄金眼》
Bono and The Edge collaborated with Tina Turner on this, the sultriest James Bond song ever. This is a song sung by someone you will be attracted to, damn it, and for whom you would do just about anything. Tina Turner has more erotic confidence in one Golden eye theme than most of us will ever experience in our whole lifetimes. James Bond songs had never been this deliciously sweaty before. It's like pheromones set to music.
U2乐队主唱波诺、主吉他手"刀刃"和蒂娜·特纳联手合作，共同完成了这首最狂野的007电影主题曲。你会被这首歌的演唱者吸引，并且愿意为她做任何事情。在电影《黄金眼》的主题曲中，蒂娜·特纳在《黄金眼》里面所展现的性感是我们一生都无法企及的。007系列电影主题曲从未如此甜蜜性感，好似歌曲里注入了性激素。
James Bond Themes 1. "Goldfinger" by Shirley Bassey
007系列电影主题曲第一名：雪莉·巴赛--《金手指》
It was the first "real" James Bond song (again, the first two films only opened with orchestral music), and it's still the best. Shirley Bassey got an opportunity to sing her soul out and she accepted the challenge with obvious pleasure. This is a song that makes the villain Auric Goldfinger seem a lot more threatening (and attractive) than he actually is, but that's part of the miracle of Bassey's work here. It's proud and heroic and enticing and it's kind of a lie, but who cares? The music is pure James Bond, the lyrics are pure machismo, and the performance is perfect.
这是第一首真正意义上的007系列电影主题曲（再说一次，詹姆斯·邦德前两部电影开场只使用了管弦乐），至今仍然是最好的一首。雪莉·巴赛得到了唱出自己心声的机会，她很乐意接下这个挑战。这首歌增添了《金手指》中反派人物奥里克的危险性（还有吸引力），但这仅仅只是雪莉·巴赛歌曲魔力的一部分。詹姆斯·邦德傲慢自大、英雄主义、诱惑人心、虚幻迷离，但谁在乎啊？这首歌就是为詹姆斯·邦德所作，歌词充满男子气概，歌手的演唱简直完美。
Creditors have officially approved the MGM restructuring plan that will put Spyglass Entertainment in charge of the studio, getting it moving once again. MGM will no longer be a distributor, but a working studio, which now puts James Bond 23 on the auction block and closer to an actual start date. Here is the official announcement from MGM:
"Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc. ('MGM') today announced that the secured lenders voting in the Company's solicitation process have overwhelmingly approved its proposed plan of reorganization ('Plan'). MGM will now move expeditiously to implement that Plan, which will dramatically reduce its debt load and put the Company in a strong position to execute its business strategy. MGM is appreciative of the lenders' support."
昔日影坛风光无限米高梅公司重组计划已获得批准，电影公司将由望远镜娱乐公司( Spyglass Entertainment )掌舵再次出发。而MGM也将不会在作为电影电影发行公司，而仅仅是一个制作公司。这使得第二十三部《007詹姆斯-邦德》电影问世日期更加具体化。
201011/117323.shtml
It has been speculated by varying sources that with MGM back up and running, Sony Entertainment, the company that distributed the last two 007 adventures Casino Royale and Quantum of Solace, will announce their take over of the franchise. Deadline, on the other hand, tend to believe that James Bond 23 may go to Paramount, as they have a very close relationship with Spyglass and are currently working with them to produce Star Trek 2.
据称，索尼影业极有可能负责新一集的电影的发行工作，之前，他们也负责了最近两部《007》电影的分销职责。与此同时，与望远镜娱乐关系交好的派拉蒙影业也有可能担当发行公司，目前，这两届公司正联手拍摄《星际迷航2》。
James Bond 23 may still be quite a ways away from actually happening, as star Daniel Craig is commited to three chapters in the Millennium Trilogy, starting with the currently in-production The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. There is currently no talk of hiring someone else to play James Bond, but if Craig is to reprise the role a third time, we still won't see James Bond 23 until 2014 at the earliest.
不过另一个因素也影响着最新一集《007》的计划，主演“詹姆斯-邦德”丹尼尔-克雷格全心投入于演出《千禧年三部曲》，而其中的《龙文身的女孩》正在紧张拍摄中。而目前电影公司也没有遴选新一任007的打算，若果丹尼尔三度出演这一角色，电影至少得等到2014年才能上映。
201011/117323.shtmlThe French actress will star alongside Ryan Gosling, Michael Fassbender and Natalie Portman.
这名法国女星将会和瑞恩·高斯林、迈克尔·法斯宾德、娜塔丽·波特曼共同出演新电影。
Skyfall Bond girl Berenice Marlohe has joined the all-star cast of Terrence Malick’s latest movie, which is in production in Austin.
在电影《007：大破天幕杀机》中饰演邦女郎的贝纳尼丝·玛尔洛（Berenice Marlohe），已经确认加盟导演特伦斯·马立克（TerrenceMalick）执导的最新电影作品，目前此影片正在奥斯汀进行拍摄。
The untitled movie revolves around two intersecting love triangles, obsession and betrayal, set against the music scene. It stars Christian Bale, Cate Blanchett, Michael Fassbender, Ryan Gosling, Rooney Mara and Natalie Portman.
在这部暂未定名的电影里面，两段交错的三角恋，偏执，背叛等元素与音乐场面相互映衬。参演此片的有克里斯蒂安·贝尔（ChristianBale）、凯特·布兰切特（Cate Blanchett）、迈克尔·法斯宾德（Michael Fassbender）、瑞恩·高斯林（RyanGosling）、鲁妮·玛拉（Rooney Mara）以及娜塔丽·波特曼（Natalie Portman.）。
The details of her character are being kept under wraps.
有关她在片中角色的细节尚未披露。
This is second major English-language role for the French actress, who co-stars opposite Daniel Craig in Skyfall as the enigmatic Severine. The movie opens Nov. 9 in North America but already is shattering records internationally.
继在电影《007：大破天幕杀机》中，和丹尼尔·克雷格（Daniel Craig）演对手戏，饰演神秘的塞芙琳（Severine）一角后，这名法国女星第二次挑战以英语为主要语言的角色。虽然电影《007：大破天幕杀机》在北美洲的公映时间是11月9号，但它已经在国际范围内开始向票房纪录发起进攻。
And while many Bond girls fade into acting obscurity or fall into second-class flicks after making a 007 splash, Marlohe and her agents at ICM Partners are making sure the actress surrounds herself with top-flight talent as she uses the Bond movie as a launching pad for an international career.
鉴于之前许多邦女郎在007电影中如昙花般一现，随后便星途黯淡，玛尔洛和经纪人正努力确保她与众多一流演员合作，正如邦德电影是用来为她的国际演艺生涯铺路一样。
Marlohe will shoot the Malick film concurrently with the ongoing press tour for Skyfall.
在参加《007：大破天幕杀机》巡回宣传的同时，玛尔洛也会拍摄由马立克执导的新电影。
?Bond is supremely confident. This makes him sexy. It also makes him great at his job; being overconfident often gives better results than being objective and rational. (We'd all be better off moderately overconfident.) Neither men or women prefer modest guys. Bond has the personality of a trained man of action: SWAT team members differed from the average person by being extremely confident ("self-deceptive enhancement"), more emotionally stable and more resilient.
1、超级自信。邦德的超级自信让他不仅更加性感，而且工作更出色。与理性和客观相比，多一些自信往往收获更多（自负时人人感觉都不错）。无论男女都不喜欢谦逊的人。邦德有着实干家的品质：作为特种部队成员，他与普通人不同，具有非凡的自信（又称“自欺性提高”），并且情绪更稳定、更富弹性。
?007 is almost always calm. (Maybe that's due to all the sex.) Even when people are trying to kill him he's calm. This is sexy. Bond doesn't move unnecessarily. You never see his knee bouncing or hands fidgeting. He speaks slowly and deliberately and is rarely rushed. These are all very charismatic qualities. He has the unflinching eye contact of a predator -- and this increases the chance women will fall in love with him. 007 doesn't gush over girls and show his feelings. He keeps them guessing and uncertainty increases attraction. Bond doesn't smile much and this too makes him sexy because happiness isn't alluring in men. His body language is commanding and he's not afraid to take up space, which is very masculine and appealing. 007 doesn't ramble on and this too is smooth. Bond never slouches. Good posture increases confidence, feelings of power and makes you physically tougher. (Which works out well when you want to look classy in your tuxedo while battling machete wielding evil minions.)
2、冷静自若。007总是很平静。（对男女来说都有用）。即便是在死到临头的时候，也很冷静。这就是性感啊。邦德从不慌张失措。你没见过邦德腿发软手发抖吧。他讲话时语速慢而谨慎，从不乱阵脚。这些都是极富魅力的品质，遭遇劲敌面不改色-这很容易让女人心动不已。他从不向女人表白个不停，就让她们猜不透，搞不懂，这样更加有吸引力。邦德不常微笑也为他的性感加分，因为有幸福感的男人吸引不了女人。007的肢体语言很强势，阳刚血性，从不畏惧；007从不喋喋不休，让他更加优雅；007从不懒散，挺拔的体姿不仅增加自信心，还有力量感，看起来更强壮（身着燕尾服与恶棍搏斗看起来更有档次）。
?There's generally booze wherever 007 goes and alcohol does lead to sex. Liking alcohol was the biggest indicator of who has sex on the first date.
3、美酒佳人。 邦德走到哪里喝到哪里，美酒的确能帮他俘获佳人。喜欢喝一杯的人最容易在第一次约会时就抱得美人归。
?Bond has a keen eye for who to trust and who not to. This quality is frequently seen in sexually open-minded people, actually. 007 can tell when a lady is into him. And science agrees: handsome men are the best at identifying who is attracted to them.
4、慧眼识香。邦德眼光敏锐，能辨认出孰敌孰友。这种品质常见于性开放者。007很容易识出对他有意的女人，有科学证明，帅哥往往擅长于此。
?Bond has it all and that's exactly what the most beautiful women demand in the men they date. Women who really enjoy sex prefer "bad boys" -- and there's no doubt 007 qualifies. Feminine women prefer masculine men. And for one night stands women look for physical attractiveness and dominance -- which Bond has in spades.
5、邦德具备美女约会种种要求。乐衷于性的女人更喜欢“坏男人”-邦德属于此类。讲究的女人喜欢阳刚男人，寻求一夜情的女人喜欢外型帅气、主动进攻的男人-非邦德莫属。
?All the Bond actors have been tall. This isn't a coincidence. A man who is five foot six needs to earn $175,000 a year more a year to be as attractive as a man who is six feet tall. A lot of people commented on Daniel Craig's buff physique in Casino Royale. Once again the depiction clicks with the research: muscular men have more one night stands and you can tell how many women a guy has slept with by the size of his arms. That chiseled torso may mean he's a better lover.
6、所有扮演邦德的演员都是高个子，这不是巧合。身高1.6的男人每年要多赚175000英镑才能与身高1.8的男人媲美。很多人欣赏丹尼尔在《皇家赌场》的魁梧身材。科学研究证明，肌肉男有更多的一夜情，从一个男人的臂围可以看出他与多少女人风流过，魁梧身段就意味着他是个不错的情人。
?The Aston Martin doesn't hurt. Not at all. Neither does dropping tons of cash at exotic casinos -- throwing money around makes men more attractive to women who are interested in flings. And, like Bond, men who gamble with women around are better at it.
7、 阿斯顿·马丁必须有。不止如此，还要在异国情调的赌场里挥金如土——一掷千金的男人很能吸引寻欢中的女性。常与女性周旋的邦德更擅长于此。
?Bond is by no means a comedian but he knows the power of a well-timed one liner. Women are attracted to funny men because humor is a sign of intelligence. You can even predict how many women a man has slept with by how funny he is.
8、邦德并不是个喜剧演员 但他懂得合适的时候来点小幽默。女性很容易被有趣的男人吸引，因为幽默标志着智慧。可以这么讲，一个人多有趣，可以来推断他与多少女人风流过。
?Bond has been attacked in innumerable ways and survived everything. Of course, this is because he's fictional. It is interesting to note that research shows masculine men are hardier. In fact, being un-masculine can be lethal for males. (Maybe it's all those orgasms keeping him alive. I doubt he'll die of a heart attack or prostate cancer.)
9、邦德经历风险无数却总能死里逃生。当然，人物本身是虚构的。有意思的是，研究证明，肌肉男更皮实。实际上，肌肉不发达对男性来说，可能很要命。（可能就是发达的肌肉让他得以活命的吧，我怀疑他会死于心脏病或前列腺癌）。
?Women fall for him because he's exciting to be around and this plays a much larger part in a relationship than most think. It's the key to a great first date. Even the femme fatales assigned to kill Bond fall for him. But studies show this isn't surprising at all. 007's character has frequently been accused of being sexist. This is probably true -- and only serves to make him that much more attractive to the ladies.
10、 因为与邦德在一起很有趣，女人往往会迷上他，这在人际关系中很重要，也是很多首次约会一拍即合的秘诀。甚至派去杀他的女特工也会爱上他。研究证明，这也不奇怪，007的形象常被批成大男子主义，也许不错--但是，只能让他在女人面前的魅力有增无减。
重点单词
查看全部解释
exposed
[iks'p?uzd]
想一想再看
adj. 暴露的，无掩蔽的，暴露于风雨中的 v. 暴露，
lace
[leis]
想一想再看
n. 饰带，花边，缎带
v. 结带子，饰以花边
联想记忆
X
单词lace 联想记忆：
读：蕾丝（花边）
entertainment
[.ent?'teinm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 娱乐
联想记忆
X
单词entertainment 联想记忆：
enter在中间+tain拿住+ment→在[工作]中间拿→娱乐，款待
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
mask
[mɑ:sk]
想一想再看
n. 面具，面罩，伪装
v. 戴面具，掩饰，遮
celebrity
[si'lebriti]
想一想再看
n. 名人，名誉，社会名流
联想记忆
X
单词celebrity 联想记忆：
cerebr脑
brace
[breis]
想一想再看
v. 使防备，支撑，拉紧，使绷紧
n. 支柱，
联想记忆
X
单词brace 联想记忆：
brace原指双臂，用双臂支撑－使稳固用两个brace embrace（v 拥抱）
shoulder
['uld?]
想一想再看
n. 肩膀，肩部
v. 扛，肩负，承担，(用肩
swift
[swift]
想一想再看
adj. 快的，迅速的
n. 雨燕，线轴
<br
designer
[di'zain?]
想一想再看
n. 设计者
联想记忆
X
单词designer 联想记忆：
de加强语义，sign标记，er表示人－做标记的人－设计者
Meanwhile, in an unfortunate red carpet faux pas, Pink and Shakira both showed up in the same Balmain dress.
与此同时，红毯上出现了一个不幸的窘境，粉红佳人和夏奇拉穿着相同的巴尔曼礼服现身。
Beyoncé vs. Jennifer
Lopez Short is the name of the game, judging from the red carpet looks of Beyoncé and Jennifer Lopez. Both divas went for thigh-high dresses to show off their gams4, with strategically cut out neck and shoulder detail, but where Beyoncé opted to stand out in fire engine red, J. Lo went for soft and satiny earth tones.
碧昂丝vs. 珍妮弗·洛佩兹
从碧昂丝和珍妮弗·洛佩兹的红毯着装来看，“短”是这次娱乐盛典的主题。这两位女歌手都选择及大腿的裙子来露出她们的美腿，策略性地减去领口，并注重肩膀的细节设计，但碧昂丝选择穿消防车红色从中脱颖而出，而珍妮弗·洛佩兹选择了柔和的有缎子般光泽的褐土色。
Taylor Swift vs. Katy Perry
Taylor Swift and Katy Perry opted for bedazzled5 dresses in very different styles. Taylor went for a more old Hollywood, glamorous Grecian style that exposed her back and statuesque6 figure, while Katy rocked a shorter, spunkier look that exposed a little of everything.
泰勒·斯威夫特vs. 凯蒂·佩里
泰勒·斯威夫特和凯蒂·佩里选择了两种样式完全不同的极为诱人的礼服。泰勒选择了一款能够展现她修长身材的传统好莱坞式、迷人的古希腊风格的露背礼服，而凯蒂则穿着一件更短的、更有活力的礼服，每个地方都露了一点。
单词释义：
1. glitterati / n . 知名人 士，国际上层社会人士。
2. paparazzo /[复] paparazzi / n . 专门追逐名人偷拍照片的摄影者(或记者)，狗仔队。
3 . 《歌剧魅影》（ T h e Phantom of the Opera ）是 由安德鲁·韦伯（Andrew Webber）作曲的著名音乐剧，剧中的男主人公“魅影”（Phantom）的右脸上戴着一副面具。
4. gam / n . <俚> (尤指美丽女子的) 腿。
5. bedazzled / a . 眼花缭乱的。
6. statuesque / a . 高大匀称的，体态优美的。
South Korean activists vowed Tuesday to sneak copies of Hollywood satire "The Interview" across the border by propaganda balloon later this month, in defiance of North Korea's repeated threats.
南韩的活动分子在星期二发誓，要在月底通过宣传气球跨越边境向北韩偷运荷里活讽刺片"刺杀金正恩"，以作为对北韩不断威胁的反抗。
Up to 10,000 copies of the film - a comedy about a fictional CIA plot to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un - and 500,000 political leaflets are scheduled for a balloon-launch around 26 March.
多达10000份影片（一个虚构CIA刺杀北韩领袖金正恩的喜剧片）和500000份宣传单将会在3月26号左右通过气球投放。
An earlier plan by activists and the US-based Human Rights Foundation to send 100,000 copies of the film in January was postponed until after last month's Lunar New Year.
早先一个由活动分子和美国人权基金在一月份投放100000份电影的计划被推迟到了上个月的新年后。
However they went ahead with plans to send 100,000 anti-Pyongyang leaflets.
但他们事先计划投放100000反平壤宣传单。
The upcoming launch will mark the five-year anniversary of the sinking of a South Korean warship in 2010, with the loss of 46 sailors. The South pinned the blame on the North and effectively froze all inter-Korean trade and investment ties.
即将来到的投放是为了纪念南韩2010年沉船事件的第五周年，当时有46位船员死亡。南韩把责任归咎于北韩，并且很快的冻结了一切两韩之间的交易和投资纽带。
No details have been given about the content of the leaflets, though propaganda sent in the past has denounced North Korea's ruling family.
现在对于宣传单张的内容还没有详细的介绍，但之前投放的传单都包含谴责北韩统治者家族的言论。
Seoul insists the activists have a democratic right to send the leaflets, but has appealed for restraint to avoid overly provoking the North.
首尔坚称这些活动分子有派发单张的民主权利，但要求他们不要过度激怒北韩。
"We will set the exact date and location for our operation in consideration of weather conditions, but it will not be publicised," said Park Sang-Hak, a former defector who has led a series of balloon launches
“我们会根据天气谨慎考虑投送的时间和地点,但这些都不会公开，”脱北者Park Sang-Hak说道,他曾经领导过一系列的气球投送运动。
The North has already warned that Park will "pay for his crimes in blood" if copies of the film make it across the border.
北韩已经警告过Park，如果电影穿越边境，将会要他"以命偿罪"。
On 2 March, the North's state-run website Uriminzokkiri warned that Pyongyang would respond to any balloon launches with "not just a few shots of gunfire but cannons or missiles".
在3月2号，北韩政府网站我们民族之间警告北韩将对任何气球投放展开"炮弹和导弹的攻击，而不只是几下枪击"。
"Nobody can stop it. I will keep sending leaflets into North Korea at the risk of my life," Park said, adding he has always prepared to face down the North's threats.
"没人能阻止行动，我会用生命为代价一直投放宣传单张到北韩，"Park说，强调他一直有对抗北韩威胁的准备。
Pyongyang, which refers to Park as "human scum' has long condemned the balloon launches and in recen onths has stepped up its demands for Seoul to ban them.
平壤称Park为“人渣”，一直在谴责气球投放，最近几个月甚至要求首尔禁止这一行动。
In October last year North Korean border guards attempted to shoot down some balloons, triggering a brief exchange of heavy machine-gun fire between the two sides.
去年八月北韩一位边界士兵试图射击一些气球,但最终引致了边界双方的一场重机枪交火。
Local residents living near the launch sites have complained that the activists are putting their lives at risk by making them potential targets for North Korean retaliation.
住在气球发射场附近的边境民众投诉活动分子将他们的生命置于危险之中，因为他们是北韩反击的潜在受害者。
Apple will this week test its customers’ loyalty, buying power and enthusiasm for innovation when it unveils the first iPhone to cost as much as $1,000.
苹果(Apple)本周将考验客户的忠诚度、购买力以及对创新的热情，发布第一款售价高达1000美元的iPhone。
Tuesday’s event at Apple’s new Cupertino headquarters is expected to reveal its much-anticipated 10th-anniversary iPhone, offering significant upgrades to the smartphone’s display, camera and overall design.
9月12日，苹果将在位于库比蒂诺(Cupertino)的新总部举行产品发布会，届时备受期待的10周年纪念版iPhone预计将会亮相，这款智能手机的显示屏、摄像头和总体设计都会有重大升级。
The high-end model is an addition to Apple’s line-up, alongside more incremental updates to the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus released last year.
这款高端机型将成为苹果产品阵容的一名新成员，加入去年发布的、升级步伐较小的iPhone 7和iPhone 7 Plus的行列。
Analysts believe the launch will help Apple to overcome its growth problem of the last two years. In markets such as America and Europe, where smartphone ownership is close to saturation and many customers are holding on to their existing handsets for longer, the best way to drive faster revenue growth is by charging more for each device, rather than simply relying on unit growth.
分析师们认为，这次新机发布将有助于苹果克服过去两年的增长问题。在像美国和欧洲这样的市场上，智能手机的拥有量已趋近饱和，很多客户不再频繁更换现有手机，推动更快收入增长的最佳途径就是提高单位价格，而不是单纯地依靠出货量。
At the same time, Apple is bringing in costly new components. These include an OLED display that makes the front of the phone into one continuous screen. Depth-sensing cameras will offer new “augmented reality” features and allow the device to be unlocked by face recognition, instead of fingerprint.
与此同时，苹果正在引入昂贵的新组件，包括OLED显示屏，使手机正面成为一个连续屏幕。深度感应摄像头将提供“增强现实”新功能，并允许手机通过人脸识别（而不是指纹）解锁。
At least one model of the next iPhone is expected to feature image-capture technology that can sense depth, and track faces and expressions. A range of new emojis include monkeys and robots, whose animated expressions can mirror the iPhone user’s face as Apple battles for users’ attention with the likes of Facebook and Snapchat.
预计新一代iPhone中，将至少有一款采用人脸识别技术，这种图像捕捉技术能够感知深度，并追踪人脸及表情。随着苹果与Facebook和Snapchat等公司争夺用户的关注度，新一代iPhone将增加一系列包括猴子和机器人的新表情符号，其动画表情能够反映iPhone用户的脸。
More advanced components are in short supply, however, which could leave many customers waiting long after September to get hold of the new iPhone. That presents an opportunity for rivals such as Samsung’s new Note 8 or Essential, the smartphone maker led by Android co-founder Andy Rubin, which is targeting premium customers such as Apple’s with its slick $699 device. Google is also said to be preparing a new version of its Pixel smartphone, which has proved popular with early adopters.
然而，由于这些先进的新组件供应紧张，可能会让许多客户在9月之后才能等到新款iPhone。这给Essential或三星(Samsung) Note 8等竞争对手带来了机会；Essential是由安卓(Android)操作系统的联合创始人安迪?鲁宾(Andy Rubin)领导的智能手机制造商，该公司正以其售价699美元的时尚新机型瞄准苹果等竞争对手的高端客户。据信谷歌(Google)也在筹备新版Pixel智能手机，这款手机很受早期试用者欢迎。
The last leg of the year is set to be a busy one for initial public offerings on both sides of the Atlantic, with companies including Italy’s Pirelli, Alibaba-backed Best Logistics and video streaming platform Roku lining up to list.
今年剩余时间将是大西洋两岸首次公开发行(IPO)的繁忙季节，意大利倍耐力(Pirelli)（见题图）、阿里巴巴(Alibaba)支持的百世物流(Best Logistics)和视频流媒体平台Roku等公司都将上市。
The pipelines were building in spite of poor performance for this year’s high-profile deal from Snap, the owner of Snapchat, in the US and investor concerns that a strengthening euro may curtail the earnings recovery in Europe.
筹备IPO交易的公司正在增多，尽管今年在美国高调上市的Snap（旗下拥有Snapchat）表现不佳，同时投资者担忧欧元不断走强可能遏制欧洲企业的盈利复苏。
“As long as overall markets remain relatively constructive and transactions continue to be executed well, we continue to expect healthy volumes over the rest of the year,” said David Ludwig, head of Americas equity capital markets at Goldman Sachs.
“只要总体市场仍然相对积极，只要交易继续执行良好，我们继续预期今年余下时间会保持健康的交易量，”高盛(Goldman Sachs)美洲股票资本市场主管戴维?路德维格(David Ludwig)表示。
US listings were up from 2016, which marked the one of the weakest periods in years. According to Dealogic, 112 IPOs have priced year to date, versus just 63 at this time last year. Issuance volume has more than doubled to $31.6bn.
美国上市交易相比2016年（多年来最疲弱的年份之一）出现起色。根据Dealogic的统计，今年迄今已有112笔IPO得到定价，而去年这个时候只有63笔。发行金额翻了一番多，达到316亿美元。
Two-thirds of this year’s deals are trading above their issue price. On average, 2017’s class of US IPOs have risen in value by about double the S&P 500, at 20 per cent, according to Renaissance Capital, which runs IPO-focused exchange traded funds.
今年三分之二新上市股票目前的交易价格高于发行价。据旗下管理着专注于IPO的交易所交易基金(ETF)的Renaissance Capital介绍，平均而言，2017年美国新上市股票的股价涨幅大约是标准普尔500指数(S&P 500)的两倍，达到20%。
Snap, however, has sunk to about $15 after initially rallying from its IPO price of $17 in March, damping some expectation of further activity involving so-called decacorns, tech companies that have achieved valuations of $10bn or more through private funding.
然而，3月份以17美元的发行价上市的Snap，在最初上涨后下跌至约15美元，打击了市场对于所谓“十角兽”企业（通过私人筹资达到100亿美元或更高估值的公司）会有更多IPO活动的预期。
Spotify, the music streaming service, plans to list existing private shares directly on the New York Stock Exchange as soon as the fourth quarter rather than doing a formal IPO, while other large, well-known tech companies for now were seen as more likely prospects for 2018, bankers said.
银行家们表示，音乐流媒体服务Spotify计划最早第四季度在纽约证券交易所(NYSE)直接上市其现有的非公开发行股票，而不走正式的IPO程序，而其他大型知名科技公司则被视为更有可能在2018年上市。
重点单词
查看全部解释
openness
['?up?nnis]
想一想再看
n. 公开；宽阔；率真
supreme
[sju:'pri:m]
想一想再看
adj. 最高的，至上的，极度的
statement
['steitm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 声明，陈述
联想记忆
X
单词statement 联想记忆：
state站，立+ment→站着说话→声明；陈述
protection
[pr?'tekn]
想一想再看
n. 保护，防卫
联想记忆
X
单词protection 联想记忆：
pro在前面+tect盖上+ion→保护
administration
[?d.mini'strein]
想一想再看
n. 行政，管理，行政部门
联想记忆
X
单词administration 联想记忆：
ad+(mini小+ster→小人→古代大臣称自己是“小人”→部长，大臣)→做部长→管理，治理+ation→行政，管理
commission
[k?'min]
想一想再看
n. 委员会，委托，委任，佣金，犯罪
vt.
联想记忆
X
单词commission 联想记忆：
com共同，miss＝mit送－共同送东西到指定处－委托com共同，mission（n 使命，任务）－受了别人的委托，说明你得到了别人的信任，所以这是一种使命。
summary
['s?m?ri]
想一想再看
n. 摘要
adj. 概要的，简略的
联想记忆
X
单词summary 联想记忆：
summ总，加+ary→内容总和→摘要;大纲
institute
['institju:t]
想一想再看
n. 学会，学院，协会
vt. 创立，开始，制
联想记忆
X
单词institute 联想记忆：
in进入，stitute站，建立－站进去；进入建立的状态－创立
budget
['b?d?it]
想一想再看
n. 预算
vt. 编预算，为 ... 做预算
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
An international medical journal's retraction of 107 research papers from China, many of them by clinical doctors, has reignited concerns over academic credibility in the country.
一家国际医学杂志撤销了107篇中国学术论文，由此引发了人们对中国学术诚信的关注。被撤稿的作者多数是临床医生。
Tumor Biology, a journal published by Springer Nature, announced last week that it had retracted the papers after an investigation showed the peer review process had been compromised.
由施普林格自然集团出版的杂志《肿瘤生物学》上周宣布，调查显示，这107篇论文的同行评审过程存在问题，因此已被撤稿。
"The articles were submitted with reviewer suggestions, which had real researcher names but fabricated email addresses," Peter Butler, editorial director for cell biology and biochemistry at Springer Nature, told Shanghai-based news website The Paper.
施普林格自然集团细胞生物学和生物化学编辑部主任皮特?巴特勒对上海澎湃新闻网站表示：“这些论文提交的评审人建议中，使用了评审人的真实姓名，但假冒了其电子邮件地址。”
"The editors thought the articles were being sent out to genuine reviewers in the discipline," he said. "Following our investigation and communication with the real reviewers, they confirmed they did not conduct the peer review."
“这让编辑以为文章发送给了该学科真正的评审人。我们与真正的评审人进行调查和沟通后，他们确认并没有对论文做过评审。
Peer review is an evaluation of work by one or more people of similar competence to those who produce the work, which helps validate research.
同行评审指由一个或多个与论文作者业务能力相当的人进行评估，这有助于对研究进行验证。
The online notice about the retraction lists all 107 articles and 524 authors, nearly all of whom are clinical cancer specialists from China. The hospitals named are all top public institutions.
网上的撤稿公告共列出了107篇论文及524位作者，他们几乎都是中国临床肿瘤专家。所涉及的医院都是顶级公立机构。
A Beijing cancer specialist who didn't want to be named said on Sunday that although there is no excuse for compromising scientific credibility, the incident reveals a widespread dilemma facing Chinese physicians who struggle to strike a balance between overloaded daily work schedules and academic requirements, primarily publishing papers to secure professional development and promotion.
一位不具名的北京癌症专家23日称，虽说破坏科学公信力的行为不该有任何借口，但是这起事件揭示了中国医生面临的普遍困境，即在超负荷的日常工作安排与发表论文以争取职业发展和升职的主要学术要求之间很难维持平衡。
"How many patients do Chinese doctors see a day? It can be more than 50," he told China Daily. "How can we have the time and energy to do research or publish papers?"
他告诉《中国日报》：“中国医生每天要看多少病人？可能超过50个。我们怎么可能有时间和精力做研究或发论文呢？”
For those outside the scientific community, the response to the retraction has been mixed.
科学圈外的人士对论文撤稿的反应不一。
"Hard to believe so many doctors lied in the papers. Can patients still trust them to help us treat diseases?" wrote one Sina Weibo user.
一位新浪微博网友写道：“不敢相信这么多医生都在论文中造假。病人还能相信他们可以帮人治病吗？”
However, others argued that doctors' hands may be forced by an unfair system. "As a patient, I'm more concerned about whether they can cure my illness rather than how many papers they've published," another netizen said.
然而，还有人认为医生的所作所为可能是受不公平的体制所迫。另一位网友称：“作为一个病人，我更关心他们能否治好我的病，而不是他们发表了多少论文。”
Wang Chunfa, executive secretary of the China Association for Science and Technology, has expressed deep concern over the retraction, which came just days after he met in Beijing with Arnout Jacobs, the head of Springer Nature for Greater China.
中国科学技术协会书记处书记王春法对撤稿事件表示深切关注，事件发生几天前，他刚在北京与施普林格自然集团大中华地区总裁安诺杰会面沟通。
In that meeting, he told Jacobs that such problems would decrease, as China is reforming its management system in science and technology, according to a statement by the association on Friday.
据中国科协21日发表的声明称，在会谈中，王春法对安诺杰表示，中国正在进行科技管理体制改革，此类问题将有所减少。
Wang said the journal and authors had an unavoidable responsibility in the latest scandal, with the statement adding that Tumor Biology had retracted papers over similar concerns about the peer review process in 2015.
他说，杂志和作者在这起最近发生的丑闻中都有不可推卸的责任，声明中还说，《肿瘤生物学》在2015年就已经因同行评议过程存在类似问题而撤销一些论文。
Verification and evaluation should be enhanced before publication, Wang said.
王春法说，在出版前应加强审查和评估。
Jacobs vowed at the meeting to improve management and cooperation with the association to enhance the credibility of the science. He stressed the publisher was not targeting China, as it had also retracted papers by experts from other countries, the statement said.
声明表示，安诺杰在会谈中承诺将加强管理，增强与中国科协的合作，提升科学公信力。他强调，施普林格自然集团并非针对中国，他们也撤销过其他国家专家的论文。
You see all kinds of grisly, hairy characters on the Tube but few commuters would've expected to see a pack of pandas on the platform.
也许你在地铁上上见过各种着装怪异迥异的角色出现，可应该没人在月台上见过大熊猫成群结队吧。
A party of 108 pandas – performers dressed in costumes – descended on London streets today to promote the plight of the cuddly black and white endangered species.
昨日，108名表演者身着熊猫服装，穿行在伦敦的街头，向大众宣传这种惹人喜爱却面临灭绝危险的黑白物种。
The pandas did some tai-chi in Trafalgar Square before kicking on at a panda party in Convent Garden as part of the first ever Panda Awareness Week.
他们先在伦敦中心广场上开了个熊猫聚会，接着来到特拉法加广场打太极。这一切都是第一届"感受熊猫"周的特别活动。
In a bid to raise awareness of one of the world's most endangered species and the Chengdu Panda Base in China, the 108 performers were hard to miss as they entertained Londoners and children during school visits with conservationist and base ambassador Nigel Marven.
为了让世界都关注濒危物种和中国成都大熊猫基地，演出者们全力表演，节目精彩令人难以忘怀。他们不仅给伦敦市民带去了乐趣，还与基地大使、自然主义者奈杰尔-马文一同去学校向孩子们宣扬熊猫保护的理念。
"Pandas used to be really difficult to breed in captivity, but the Chengdu base and other zoos around the world have cracked the problem and now there are around 400 in captivity," Mr Marven said.
"过去，大熊猫很难进行圈养，但是经过成都熊猫基地和世界各地许多动物园的通力合作，人类已经攻克了这个难题。目前世界上已经有了将近400只人工大熊猫。" 马文如是说。
"It's a great conservation success story."
"这是自然保护的一次伟大创举。"
The base hopes to keep up public awareness of pandas and the necessity of conservation of their natural habitats while Increasing the wild population by reintroducing individuals into areas in China where populations have declined.
基地方面希望借此提升公众意识，宣扬保护区及熊猫保护的理念，同时在中国进行动物野生放归，增加中国部分物种濒危区的动物数量。
A number of nude photographs have been leaked online after several female students offered the photos in exchange for high-interest loans via an online lending platform.
在一些女学生通过提供裸照作为交换，在互联网借贷平台上获取高息贷款之后，近日又有大批裸照被泄露在了互联网上。
Around 10 gigabytes of photos have allegedly been released. Jiedaibao, a popular online peer-to-peer lending platform, is involved in the incident, the Beijing Times reported on Dec. 1.
目前已经被泄露的照片多达10个G。据《北京日报》12月1日报道，著名在线P2P借贷平台"借贷宝"也和此次事件有关。
According to the report, some lenders have been using the platform to offer female college students high-interest loans on the condition that the borrowers hand over nude photos of themselves holding their ID cards as collateral.
据报道显示，一些贷款机构一直在利用借贷宝向女大学生提供高息贷款，条件是贷款人必须提供持有身份证拍摄的裸照作为抵押。
Most female participants were between 19 and 23.
据悉，大多数借款的女性年龄都在19到23岁之间。
The lending conditions were not limited to nude pictures. Also leaked were a number of screenshots of supposed dialogues between the borrowers and lenders, with one lender demanding that the female students deliver a video of herself masturbating.
贷款的条件不仅仅只局限于裸照。同样被泄露的还有大量疑似借贷双方对话的屏幕截图，一个贷款人要求女学生提供自己的自慰视频。
Some of the leaked photos and videos can still be found on Chinese social media as of press time.
截止发稿时为止，在中国社交媒体上仍然能够找到一些被泄露的照片和视频。
In response to the incident, Jiedaibao made an announcement on its Sina Weibo on Dec. 1, stressing that the use of nude pictures as collateral for loans constitutes a private deal between users, which the company cannot regulate.
为回应这起事件，借贷宝12月1日在其新浪微博上发表了一份公告，强调用裸照作抵押贷款是用户之间的私人交易，该公司无法加以管理。
"We have called the police and collected evidence to protect the company's reputation. Those who leaked the nude pictures will be punished according to law," the announcement read.
公告宣称："我们已经报警，并且收集了证据来维护公司的声誉。而那些泄露裸照的人将被按照法律惩处。"
Online peer-to-peer lending platforms have expanded rapidly in China, along with fraud cases.
互联网P2P借贷平台在中国发展迅猛，但随之而来的是众多的诈骗案件。
Online peer-to-peer broker Ezubao previously cheated about 900,000 investors out of more than 50 billion RMB through a giant Ponzi scheme, the Xinhua News Agency reported in February.
据新华社今年二月报道，互联网借贷公司"易租宝"之前通过一个巨大的庞氏骗局，从大约90万投资人那里骗取了超过500亿人民币的资金。
重点单词
查看全部解释
productive
[pr?'d?ktiv]
想一想再看
adj. 能生产的，有生产价值的，多产的
联想记忆
X
单词productive 联想记忆：
pro向前+duct引导，带来+ive→生产的；多产的
element
['elim?nt]
想一想再看
n. 元素，成分，组成部分，(复数)恶劣天气
ultimate
['?ltimit]
想一想再看
n. 终极，根本，精华
adj. 终极的，根本
boring
['b?:ri?]
想一想再看
adj. 令人厌烦的
accomplished
[?'k?mpli?t]
想一想再看
adj. 娴熟的，有造诣的，完成的，有成就的，毫无疑问的
联想记忆
X
单词accomplished 联想记忆：
ac+com全部+pli满，填满+ish→全部弄满→成就+ed→有成就的，有造诣的
invigorate
[in'vig?reit]
想一想再看
vt. 增添活力，鼓舞，激励
联想记忆
X
单词invigorate 联想记忆：
vigor（n 精力；活力）
creative
[kri'eitiv]
想一想再看
adj. 创造性的
联想记忆
X
单词creative 联想记忆：
create增长，产生+ive →有创造性的
encouragement
[in'k?rid?m?nt]
想一想再看
n. 鼓励
recommend
[.rek?'mend]
想一想再看
vt. 建议，推荐，劝告
vt. 使成为可取，
联想记忆
X
单词recommend 联想记忆：
源于：commend（v 称赞；推荐）
beneficial
[.beni'fil]
想一想再看
adj. 有益的，有利的
联想记忆
X
单词beneficial 联想记忆：
bene好+fic做+ial表形容词，“有…的”→有好处的
2. Organize
Purchase products like magazine racks, shelves, and desk organizers that will keep your supplies and resources in order and close-at-hand. We love the File File, $24.95, at CB2.com (pictured above).
摆放一个小书架，用来放自己的杂志或报纸，这一方面有利于节省空间，另一方面可以让你能够很快找到自己想要的东西。
3. Feng Shui
How could we not include the ancient Chinese theory of interior aesthetics? Where your desk is situated is the most important aspect to freeing the energy in your space. Place your desk so that you face the door— the ultimate power position. Avoid placing your desk against a wall with your back facing the door, as it will interfere with the balance of your chi.
风水学。风水学也是可以帮助我们很好地布置办公桌的好帮手，千万不要把自己的桌子摆在一边靠着墙，背朝着门的方向。
4. Add Color
Bursts of color are instant energy suppliers. If you can, paint your walls or use furniture and accessories to provide a colorful oomph.
加一些颜色。丰富的颜色可以让你充满活力。如果可以的话，可以选择一些色彩鲜艳的桌子和椅子。
5. Mother Nature
Adding a plant is beneficial, as nature is a subconscious link to energy. An orchid or bamboo plant is easy to maintain, while providing a refreshing element to your space.
贴近大自然。在桌上摆放一盆植物是振奋自己的一个好办法。
6. Lighting
Lighting is key when it comes to getting work done. Instead of investing in your typical, boring college dorm room desk lamp, pick something with a prettier design. Check out vintage stores for one-of-a-kind table lamps or keep it cheap with the Tiffany Table Lamp, $99.99, at Target.com.
采光。在工作中，光线是很重要的，不要用上大学时候的那个小台灯了，用个更别致更有创意的灯吧。
7. Get Comfortable
Since you will be spending so much time in your office space, you should be comfortable enough to enjoy what you do. A comfy chair will keep you pleased throughout the day. We recommend the Allak Swivel Chair, $59.99, at Ikea.com. If you need music to keep your mind stirring, we recommend the Sound System iPod Speaker, $220, at UrbanOutfiters.com.
让自己坐的舒适。在弄了这么多之后，最重要的一点是要让自己感觉到很舒适。
8. Get Inspired
Create a mood board for inspiration, including quotes and pictures that will invigorate your creative juices. You might even want to change it up once and a while if you have a major project due or need fresh ideas. Art or wall décor can also add a creative touch to your workspace. We recommend the 3 in 1 Board, $19.95, at CB2.com (pictured above).
贴一些小便条来激励自己。一个美好的办公环境，还需要一些能够让自己提神的小纸条。
9. Add Personality
Adding pictures of family or objects that are close to you will remind you of what you’ve accomplished and why you work so hard. Keep them on your desk or on a shelf nearby to help you when you need encouragement and motivation. We love the Set of Ten Gold Frames, $28, at UrbanOutfitters.com.
添加一些个性元素。把自己家人的照片或东西放在桌子上可以提醒你为什么你要努力工作。
10. Are YOU Re-Energized?
Of course your office space should be organized and personalized, but it won’t be re-energized without you, the worker. Simple office exercises and stretches will help you keep up the pace for a long (yet productive) workday ahead.
开始布置吧。你是不是已经有所感悟了呢？那么赶紧去布置一个优雅和个性的办公桌吧，心动不如行动哦。
（可可英语版权所有,未经允许请勿转载）
1. Peaceful Era
1.和平年代
We are now in the midst of the most peaceful era of human history. Back in the 1940s, 300 out of every 100,000 people would die as a direct result of war. We’re happy to tell you that that figure is now less than 1.
在人类的历史上，我们正处于最和平的年代。早在二十世纪四十年代，每10万个人中就有300人直接死于战争。我们可以很欣慰地告诉你今天这个数字少于1。
2. Worldwide Murders
2.全球谋杀案
557,000 people were murdered across the world in 2001 alone. That number significantly dropped by 289,000 by 2008. The homocide rate is now in decline in 75% of nations.
仅在2001年，全球就约有55.7万人被谋杀。而到了2008年，这个数据就减少了28.9万人。如今，全球的谋杀率已经下降了75%。
3. Poverty
3.贫穷
52% of the world lived in extreme poverty in 1981. This number dropped down by 21% in 2010, as 721 million fewer people no longer live in absolute poverty.
在1981年，全球52%的人极其穷困潦倒。这个数字在2010年的时候下降了21%，少于7.21亿人还过着极度贫困的生活。
4. Life Expectancy
4.平均寿命
The life expectancy of the average human has increased more in the past 50 years than it did in the 200,000 years of human existence. Life expectancy is now 70 years old – which is a big difference from 47 years old in 1950!
人类在过去50年的平均寿命比人类存在的20万年中的平均寿命要长的多。目前，人类的平均寿命是70岁，1950年的平均寿命是47岁，两者存在很大的差异。
5. Gay Marriage
5.同性婚姻
While there is a still a way to go to ensure the LGBT community has the same rights as sexual couples, the world has moved on significantly in recent years. In fact, gay marriage is now legal for 60% of Americans. What about the other 40%, you ask? The List Love really believes the rest of the United States, and many other countries across the world – we’re talking to you, Russia! -will catch up soon.
近几年，得益于世界日新月异，就像保护异性夫妻一样， LGBT群体（女同性恋、男同性恋、双性恋、跨性别人士）也会得到同样的权利保障。事实上，如今60%的美国人承认同性婚姻的合法性，如果你问那剩余的40%呢？我们可以告诉你美国的其他地方以及世界的其他地方，例如俄罗斯，很快都会赶上脚步。
You might think 60% is absolutely nothing, but this is a significant step, seeing as gay marriage was not legal anywhere in the United States in 2003.
或许你会认为这个60%并不起眼，但它是很重要的一步，因为在2003年，同性婚姻在美国的任何地方都是不合法的。
6. Cancer Mortality Rate
6.癌症死亡率
Between 1991 and 2010, the cancer mortality rate fell by a whopping 20%, which is more than 10% a decade. One day we will say goodbye to cancer for good.
在1991年至2010年之间，癌症死亡率显著下降了20%，这比过去十年下降总和的10%还要多。总有一天，我们会跟癌症说再见。
7. Hearing Aid
7.助听器
Marvel created superhero Blue Ear, who wears a hearing aid, after a little boy refused to wear one because "superheroes don’t wear hearing aids".
2002年，一名4岁的小男孩患有耳聋，但他不愿意戴助听器，因为超级英雄们都不戴。之后，漫威（Marvel）创作了一个戴着助听器的蓝耳侠（Blue Ear）。
8. Illiteracy
8.文盲
World illiteracy has reduced by 50% between 1970 to today.
从1970年到今天，世界各地的文盲减少了50%。
9. Smiling
9.微笑
Blind people smile even when they have never seen someone smile.
即使从未见过人微笑，盲人也会微笑。
10. Knighted Penguin
10．被授予爵位的企鹅
Last but by no means least is our favourite fact that Norway once knighted a penguin. His name is Nils Olav, and he is a king penguin who now resides on Edinburgh Zoo, Scotland. He is the mascot and Colonel-in-Chief of the Norwegian Royal Guard. He was knighted on 15th August, 2008, which was approved by King Harald V, who stated during the ceremony that Nils was "in every way qualified to receive the honour and dignity of knighthood".
挪威曾为一只企鹅授予爵位。它现在居住在苏格兰的爱丁堡动物园，是那里的企鹅王，它叫尼尔斯·奥拉夫（ Nils Olav）。它不仅是一只吉祥物，更是挪威皇家护卫队的名誉上校。2008年8月15日，国王哈拉尔五世（King Harald V）授予奥拉夫爵位，并在授予典礼上声明“奥拉夫在各方面都有资格获得骑士爵位的荣誉和尊严”。
注：本文转载自前十网，译者：Carrie
STEP 1: GET THE LOOK
第一步 拥有傲娇的造型
1. Buy expensive tailored clothing that only sort of fits so that most of the time your buttons appear to be just seconds from bursting.
衣服。要买那种又贵又紧的定制款，达到下一秒纽扣就会被胸肌爆开的效果。
2. Get a Belstaff coat and blue scarf. The coat cost about 1350 pounds. It's got good twirl for those dramatic moments in life.
外套。来一套贝达弗的大衣和蓝围巾。一套价值1350英镑的大衣，随时准备迎接人生的精彩时刻。
3. Grow your hair slightly longish, if it isn't naturally wavy (poor you), wear curlers to bed every night.
发型。略长的卷发——蛤？你不是自来卷哦？小可怜，那你只好每晚带着卷发夹入睡了。
4. Stop eating, gotta get those cheekbone sharp enough to cut butter.
脸型。不要吃！要瘦！瘦出能切开黄油的颧骨。
STEP 2: STIM
第二步 重复标志性动作
Once you grow your hair slightly longish, be sure to play with it at every opportunity.
一有机会就炫一下小卷毛。
Fiddle with items, your hair, flick your fingers, rub your leg, pace, rock, and bite your lips.(Well, most of that could just be on the "how to cumberbatch" list)
性感的小动作，比如摆弄头发、轻弹小指、摩擦双腿、踱步、摇晃、轻咬嘴唇。（好吧，上面很多其实都是在回答“如何变成康伯巴奇”。）
STEP 3: PRACTICE CREEPY LOOKS
第三步 练习古怪表情
scary puppy like head tilts and glares
斜着头，怒目，像受到惊吓的狗狗那样
smiles and puma snarls
笑并且像美洲狮一样咆哮
STEP 4: REMIND EVERYONE about what an "idiot" or "moron" they are
第四步 提醒所有人“你们其实是蠢货”
Play up being smarter than everyone, develop some obvious insecurities. Forget social skills if you happen to have any.
一定要展现自己过人的智慧，努力地表现出心神不定的样子。把那些社交技巧抛到脑后吧！
STEP 5: GET RID of most of your friends
第五步 帅到没朋友
Keep around people who like to remind you how smart you are, and stay even though they think you are a dick.
只跟那些能凸显你聪明的人做朋友，哪怕他们觉得你坏坏哒。
Care about them, but don't let on mkay?
偶尔关心他们一下，但也别太真情流露，收到？
STEP 6: FIND A WATSON
第六步 找到你的“花生”
This is BBC Sherlock, so your Watson isn’t stupid. He's rather smart in his own way and insecure about his sexuality (probably straight).
因为这里说的是BBC的夏洛克，所以你的华生不是真傻，只是用自己的方式展现智慧。他还有点不确定自己的性向（万一是直的呢）。
He also has serious thrill issues dude.
他也是个妥妥儿的喜欢刺激事的家伙。
Be prepared to save his life on numerous occasions.
请做好准备随时当他的救世主。
STEP 7: DEVELOP a special interest
第七步 培养癖好
It has to take over most of every waking minute. It's all you want to talk about. Prepare to watch people's eyes glaze over.
你一定有一个连走路时都念念不忘的怪癖。你只想聊这个。瞧着吧，观众会被你帅到的。
Nothing else matters, not even basic astronomy.
斗转星移关我何事？我的癖好才最重要。
Make it dangerous, this will help you keep your Watson happy.
让它具有一定的危险性，因为这也会让你的“华生”兴趣盎然。
STEP 8: PRACTICE the method of loci or roman room, or at least pretend to
第八步 反（假）复（装）练习轨迹记忆法或者罗马房间法
This way you can tell everyone to shut up and get out so you can go to your "mind palace".
让别人都滚粗闭嘴，这样你就能特别牛掰地走入“记忆宫殿”了。
STEP 9: BE SURE to tell everyone to shut up on a daily basis, it's endearing you know
第九步 每天，告诉全世界“别BB了”，其实这样蛮圈粉的
STEP 10: Even if you don't really fit the criteria, tell everyone you are a SOCIOPATH
第十步 如果以上几条都做不到——就公告天下说你有反社会人格
It scares/intimidates people and they don't know better anyway.
这会吓走一些人，这些人不了解你更好。
Except your Watson, he thinks it's hot.
除了你的华生，他会觉得这样的你性感极了！
Historical and fictional films each have their own strengths when it comes to storytelling. Every now and then, though, movies pop up that don't quite fit into either category. The stories are wildly unrealistic, but they carry an inkling of truth between their pages. While these are some of the most interesting films out there, viewers often don't even know that what they're watching really happened. Well, wonder no more! Keep reading to learn about some of Hollywood's zanier scripts that took their inspiration from good old-fashioned real-life drama.
在讲故事的时候，历史片和故事片各有所长，不过，时不时也会出现无法归入其中任何一类的电影。这些故事十分离奇，但字里行间又透着现实。这些电影非常有趣，观众却常常完全不知道，他们正在看的情节真的发生过。好啦，别猜了！读下去，你就能认识几个好莱坞的古怪剧本，都是受到狗血现实生活的启发。
10．American Hustle
10．《美国骗局》
This pseudo-comedic 1970s crime drama tells the story of two romantically involved con artists named Irving Rosenfeld and Sydney Prosser, who are caught by an FBI agent and forced to scam corrupt politicians. The two continue to manipulate the FBI agent, their political targets, and their own family members, ultimately cutting an immunity deal that allows them to escape the ordeal without any criminal charges.
这部20世纪70年代黑色幽默犯罪电影的主角，是诈骗高手欧文·罗森菲尔德和他的情妇西德尼·普鲁塞尔，他们被一名联邦调查局（FBI)干员抓获，然后被迫欺骗腐败的政治家。二人继续与干员、政治家目标以及自己的家人周旋，最终达成豁免协议，得以不受任何刑事指控就脱离苦海。
The real Irving is named Mel Weinberg, and he and his mistress were in fact enlisted by the FBI to oust eight elected officials for taking bribes. Just like the film, Weinberg and the FBI developed an elaborate con to catch the corrupt politicians in the act. Weinberg did end up forming a friendship with one of the officials, although unlike in the film, his final immunity deal didn't protect the friend he helped implicate. Some things are just too far-fetched, even for a career criminal.
欧文的原型叫梅尔·温伯格，事实上，他和情妇被联邦调查局征募，让8名特定官员因受贿被免了职。和电影里一样，温伯格和联邦调查局精心设计骗局，抓了这些腐败政治家现行。温伯格后来真的和一名官员成了朋友，但与电影不同，他的最终豁免协议没有让他想帮助的朋友免受牵连。有些事情，即使是对职业罪犯来说也太过牵强。
9．The Bling Ring
9．《炫富帮》
Released in 2013, The Bling Ring is a satirical crime drama that chronicles the adventures of Hollywood Hills high schoolers who burgle the homes of local celebrities. The teens break into homes of icons like Megan Fox and Paris Hilton, stealing cash, clothes, handbags, and jewelry to help them emulate the excessive lifestyles they admire in magazines. The students are eventually caught and sent to jail after posting pictures of their hauls on social media.
发行于2013年的《炫富帮》是一部语带讽刺的犯罪剧情片，记录了一帮好莱坞山高中生的冒险，他们偷到了当地名人的家里。少年们进入梅根·福克斯和帕丽斯·希尔顿这样的偶像家，偷走现金、衣服、手袋和珠宝，用来模仿杂志上让他们羡慕的奢华生活。在朋友圈炫耀战利品的照片后，他们终于被抓进了监狱。
This story pulls directly from the real Bling Ring gang , whose burglaries racked up $3 million over the span of ten months in 2008. All of the celebrities listed in the movie were real victims of this group, who claim to have been motivated by the "cultural obsession" surrounding celebrities' personal lives. Whatever their motives, the Bling Ring is a good reminder to take a step back from the media every once in a while.
影片直接来自真实的Bling Ring帮，2008年，他们10个月的赃物飚升了300万美元。电影列出的所有名人都是这个团伙真实的受害者。团伙成员声称，是社会对这些名人私生活的痴迷鼓励了他们。无论动机如何，《炫富帮》都很好地提醒了人们，要时不时与媒体拉开距离。
8．Yes Man
8．《没问题先生》
Yes Man is a heartwarming blockbuster that explores what would happen if you answered "yes" to every question in your life. Jim Carrey's character takes on this challenge and ends up learning Korean, taking flying lessons, and getting promoted. He goes from being a pessimistic divorced man to an exciting trendsetter and finds a new girlfriend in the process. It might sound like fiction, but this movie is loosely based on a memoir of the same name by freelance radio producer Danny Wallace.
《没问题先生》是一部暖心大片，探讨如果在生活中，对每个问题都回答“好”，会发生什么。金·凯瑞（Jim Carrey）饰演的主角接受了这个挑战，结果学了韩语，上了飞行课，还升了职。起初他是个悲观的离婚男人，后来变成了吸引人的潮男，其间还找到了新女友。听起来像小说，但这部电影其实取材于自由电台制片人丹尼·华莱士的同名回忆录。
Wallace wrote the book after saying "yes" to everything for a year, a commitment which both advanced his career and landed him in a cult meeting. What the movie didn't show, however, is the sheer number of Internet scams Wallace signed up for. Apparently, saying "yes" all the time has its downfalls in real life.
华莱士对一切说“好”说了一年，然后写了这本书。这个尝试既促进了他的事业，也把他带进过邪教集会。不过，电影没说的是，华莱士曾在数不清的钓鱼网站注册。显然，一直说“好”在现实生活中可不是一帆风顺。
7．Jaws
7．《大白鲨》
John Williams's classic score still raises goosebumps over 40 years after this summer blockbuster hit theaters. Jaws preys on our primal fear of the unknown in deep waters, showing a small beach town ravaged by a series of attacks from a single killer shark. In recent years, environmentalists have stressed the generally nonthreatening nature of sharks, which kill an average of just eight swimmers each year.
在这部暑期大片上映40年后，约翰·威廉姆斯的经典原声大碟仍然叫人毛骨悚然。《大白鲨》利用我们对未知的深海的本能恐惧，展示了一个多次受到同一条食人鲨袭击的海滨小镇。近年来，环保人士强调，鲨鱼通常不主动伤人，平均每年只有8人葬身鲨口。
While Jaws's story is extremely unrealistic, it was based on a real series of deaths attributed to a single shark in 1916. In what has been dubbed the "most unique set of shark attacks that ever have occurred," the Jersey Shore saw four people die from shark bites over the course of two weeks. The offending shark was reportedly caught with body parts still in its digestive tract, although leading scientists still aren't sure what drove it to attack so many people.
《大白鲨》的故事非常不现实，但它的原型是1916年由一条鲨鱼造成的一系列真实命案。在被称为“史无前例的系列鲨鱼袭击事件”中，2周内，泽西海岸边有4人被鲨鱼咬死。据报道，犯案的鲨鱼被捕后，消化道中还有尸骸。不过，权威科学家至今无法确定，是什么驱使这条鲨鱼袭击了这么多人。
6．I Love You Phillip Morris
6．《我爱你，菲利普·莫里斯》
A jailed con artist who falls in love with another inmate and escapes prison multiple times could only be the work of fiction, but this is more or less the real story of Steven Jay Russel. Much like his film counterpart, played by Jim Carrey, Russell was originally sent to prison for fraud. He escaped his first sentence to be with his partner Jim Kemple, who at the time was dying from AIDS. Russell was found two years later and returned to prison. Kemple died soon after.
一个坐牢的诈骗高手爱上狱友并多次越狱，这看起来只能是小说情节，但却多少是斯蒂文·杰伊·拉塞尔的真人真事。与金·凯瑞饰演的电影主角一样，拉塞尔最初因诈骗入狱。他的男朋友吉米得了艾滋病，为了陪他，拉塞尔逃脱了这次刑罚。两年后拉塞尔被抓回监狱，不久吉米就去世了。
Before long, Russell fell in love with inmate named Phillip Morris. After Morris was released, Russell again escaped prison by calling the clerk's office, impersonating a judge and drastically reducing his own bail. He was caught and escaped two more times to be with Morris, at one point faking his own death. He is now serving a life sentence but admits to finding his film portrayal pretty exciting.
不久后，拉塞尔爱上了一名叫菲利普·莫里斯的狱友。莫里斯出狱后，拉塞尔通过给职员办公室打电话再次越狱，还假冒法官，大幅降低了自己的保释金。为了和莫里斯在一起，他又被捕和逃脱了两次，一度假装自己已经离世。他现在被判终身监禁，但表示看到自己的电影形象很激动。
5．Taxi Driver
5．《出租车司机》
Hailed as one of the greatest films of all time, Taxi Driver tells the story of a depressed ex-Marine who attempts to assassinate a senator after being rejected by a woman he admires. While the titular taxi driver, Travis Bickle, lives a chaotic life filled with drug dealers and prostitutes, his story was never meant to be an unrealistic fantasy. Rather, it meant to expose the very real warning signs of a would-be gunman.
《出租车司机》被誉为历史上最伟大的电影之一，讲述了一名沮丧的前海军陆战队员，在被爱慕的女子拒绝后，试图暗杀参议员的故事。名义上的出租车司机崔维斯·拜寇，生活混乱，充斥着毒贩和妓女，但他的故事从来不是不现实的幻想。相反，它揭示了一个人差点成为成为枪手的真实预警。
The film pulls heavily from the life of Arthur Bremer, who shot presidential candidate and segregationist George Wallace in 1972. Similarly to his film counterpart, Bremer shot Wallace shortly after being rebuffed by a young girl. Overall, though, his life was much less exciting than that of De Niro's character, with the biggest commonality between the two being that neither actually succeeds in killing a politician.
影片大量借鉴了亚瑟·布雷默的事迹，此人于1972年枪击了总统候选人和隔离主义者乔治·华莱士。与电影中一样，布雷默枪击华莱士也是在被一个年轻女孩拒绝后不久。尽管如此，他的生活总的来说不如德尼罗的角色那么激动人心，他俩最大的共同点，就是都没有真的杀死目标。
4．The Mask Of Zorro
4．《佐罗的面具》
In this 1998 swashbuckler classic, Antonio Banderas plays the protege of a boring nobleman who moonlights as a masked outlaw, saving the Mexican commoners of California from corrupt leaders. While Zorro might sound like a regular old-timey superhero, the story upon which The Mask of Zorro is based pulls heavily from legends surrounding a real-life desperado named Joaquin Murietta.
在这部1998年的古装剑侠动作电影中，安东尼奥·班德拉斯扮演了一个无聊的贵族，他有时会扮成蒙面歹徒，从腐败领导人手中拯救加州的墨西哥平民。虽然佐罗听起来可能像个普通的老派超级英雄，但是《佐罗的面具》依据的故事大部分来源于现实世界中，一个叫乔伊·穆里埃塔的亡命之徒。
Murietta belonged to a gang known as the Five Joaquins, who were notorious bandits during the height of the California Gold Rush. While Murietta's criminal activity likely did not have any political undertones, he nonetheless became a symbol of Mexican resistance as American settlers ventured to California. Unfortunately for him, this pushed the government to put a bounty on his head, leading to his murder and beheading. Luckily, Banderas's character didn't fall to the same fate.
穆里埃塔属于一个叫“五皇后”的黑帮，他们是加州淘金热的高潮期间，臭名昭著的土匪。虽然穆里埃塔的犯罪行为可能没有任何政治色彩，他还是随着来到加州投机的美国定居者，成了墨西哥抵抗的象征。对他而言，这可不是什么好事，而是促使政府悬赏他的人头，导致他被杀和斩首。幸运的是，班德拉斯的角色没有遭到同样的命运。
3．50 First Dates
3．《初恋50次》
A lighthearted rom-com starring Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore is the last thing you'd expect to mirror real life, but this comedy was in fact partially based on a true story. Sandler plays a veterinarian who falls in love with Barrymore, an amnesiac whose memory resets at the beginning of each day. He learns that Barrymore has replayed the same day over and over again since a car crash left her with a traumatic brain injury. Upset by the lie she has been living, Sandler's character makes a series of videos that explain her accident and her life for her to watch each morning.
这部亚当·桑德勒和德鲁·巴里摩尔主演的轻松浪漫喜剧，似乎最不能反映现实生活，但实际上它确实部分基于真实故事。桑德勒扮演的兽医爱上了巴里摩尔，而她的记忆每天都会重置。他了解到，车祸造成创伤性脑损伤后，她就一直在重播同一天。因为她一直生活在谎言中，桑德勒的角色很苦恼，并制作了一系列录像，解释她的车祸和生活，给她每天早上看。
Barrymore's condition was based on the real life of Michelle Philpots, who suffered head trauma in two separate motor vehicle accidents, which left her with a 24-hour memory. Rather than using Sandler's tapes, Philpots has survived for over 23 years using Post-it notes and her (amazingly modern, from her perspective) mobile phone.
巴里摩尔的病情基于米歇尔·菲利普斯的真实生活，她的头部在在两次机动车事故中受伤，记忆只能维持24小时。桑德勒用录像带，菲利普斯则是用便利贴和手机（对她而言还真时髦）撑了23年。
2．Rocky
2．《洛奇》
Stallone's iconic underdog has spent decades inspiring athletes and nonathletes alike to fight for their goals. As a poor local boxer, Rocky gets his break when he enters a fight with World Heavyweight Champion Apollo Creed. Due to his rigorous training and Creed's relative apathy, Rocky becomes the first challenger to ever push Creed through all 15 rounds.
几十年来，史泰龙塑造的这个弱者形象一直在鼓舞人们为目标奋斗，他们中既有运动员又有非运动员。洛奇是当地一名贫穷的拳击手，因与世界重量级冠军阿波罗·祈利比试而崭露头角。由于祈利的严格训练和相对无情，洛奇成了第一个与他打上15回合的挑战者。
This groundbreaking fight is loosely based on a bout between Chuck Wepner and Muhammad Ali, in which the "everyman" Wepner managed to become one of the four men to knock Ali down in his career. Just like in the film, Wepner pushed Ali through 15 rounds despite looking (and feeling) like he'd been hit by a truck. While both he and Rocky ended up losing their fights on a technicality, Wepner wins in our book for inspiring such an awesome character.
这次奠基之战借鉴了查克·温柏和拳王阿里的比赛，这个无名小卒温柏成了在阿里的职业生涯中击倒过他的区区4人之一。和电影里一样，温柏与阿里打了15回合，尽管他看起来（感觉也）像被卡车撞过。虽然他和洛奇最后都被对手技术性击倒，但温柏胜在启发了史泰龙塑造这个了不起的角色。
1．Rain Man
1．《雨人》
In this emotional comedic drama, a selfish car dealer named Charlie Babbitt learns that he has a brother after his estranged father dies. He is upset to learn that said brother, Raymond, received his father's $3 million estate despite living with severe autism that has left him in a mental institution. Charlie learns that Raymond is a savant with outstanding capabilities for mental math and takes advantage of this skill by using Raymond to count cards in Vegas.
在这部感人的喜剧中，在久未联络的父亲去世后，自私的汽车经销商查理·巴比特了解到自己还有个哥哥。他很不高兴地发现，这个叫雷蒙德的哥哥因为严重自闭住在精神病院，却获得了父亲300万美元的遗产。查理发现哥哥心算很厉害，就利用他在拉斯维加斯赌博时数牌。
While the real Rain Man never counted cards, his mental abilities were just as unbelievable. Kim Peek was a uniquely talented savant who possessed a nearly perfect memory. Among his many skills, Peek memorized every road on the map, the composers and dates of countless songs, and incredibly detailed historic facts. After Rain Man, he spent his life touring the country and campaigning for the disabled, to the delight of many who were able to witness his unique gift in person.
雨人的原型没数过牌，但脑力也很出众。金·皮克是个独一无二的天才，拥有近乎完美的记忆。他丰富的技能包括记住地图上的每一条路，无数歌曲的作曲家和日期，以及详细得令人难以置信的的历史事实。《雨人》出名后，皮克将毕生投入到在美国各地奔走，为残疾人发起活动，用自己的独特天赋鼓舞他们。
Human bodies are frail, easily damaged packages full of parts that can never fully come back once lost. Luckily, researchers worldwide are working on replacing every bit of the body to make us all cyborgs.
人的身体是十分脆弱的，有些娇弱的器官一旦破坏就永远难以复原。幸运的是，世界各地的研究人员都在研究能替代我们身体部位的生化机械器官。
10.Supersensitive Electronic Skin
10.超敏感电子皮肤
Skin has the thankless job of coating and protecting your whole body, making it your most easily damaged organ. When you burn or rip off a stretch of skin, your main option right now is to graft some back on from elsewhere on your body. But an effective synthetic replacement skin may not be that far off, thanks to research from Stanford scientists.
皮肤辛苦的担任着包裹我们和保护我们整个身体的责任，因此它也成为了最容易被伤害的器官。当皮肤被烧伤或者被割破，你最快的选择是从身体其他部位移植一部分过来。然而，感谢斯坦福大学科学家的研究，一种能有效替代人体皮肤的材料，不久后将面世。
Stanford's Zhenan Baohas has developed a super-flexible, super-durable, and super-sensitive material that can be the basis for future synthetic skin. People have tried developing synthetic skin before, but Baohas's material handles touch sensitivity better than any predecessor. It contains organic transistors and a layer of elastic, letting it stretch without taking damage. And it's self-powered—this skin contains a series of elastic solar cells.
斯坦福大学的Zhenan Baohas 研发出了一种具备超弹性、超耐性和超敏感的材料，能够作为未来发展人工皮肤的基础。以前，人们也研究过生化皮肤，但是Baohas的材料比以前研发出来的更具敏感性。它带有有机转换物质和一层弹性材料，保证它在不被破坏情况下的延展性。另外，这种材料带有一系列的太阳能电池元件，可以自动充电。
9.Beating Hearts Created In A Petri Dish
9.在培养皿中跳动的心脏
Scientists have long investigated stem cells' potential for growing hearts, and they reached a major milestone this year when they created heart tissue than can beat on its own.
长久以来，科学家一直在研究干细胞分化为心脏组织的潜力，今年当他们创造出可以自己搏动的心脏组织时，这一研究工作达到了一个重要的里程碑。
The University of Pittsburgh team used stem cells made from skin to make MCPs, a special kind of cell that acts as a precursor to cardiovascular tissue. They then placed these cells on a 3-D scaffold designed to support a mouse heart. Within 20 days, the new heart began beating at 40 to 50 beats per minute.
匹兹堡大学的研究小组从来自皮肤的干细胞培养出MCPs，一种可以作为心血管组织驱动器的特殊细胞。他们把这些细胞放在一种可以维持老鼠心脏的3-D支架上。在20天内，新的心脏开始以每分钟40~50次的速率搏动。
This heart is too weak to actually pump blood, which is the primary reason anyone would want an new heart. But the tissue has a lot of potential for patching heart muscles that have suffered damage.
虽然这个心脏太虚弱，不能真的输送血液，但是这种细胞组织在修复受伤的心脏肌肉方面具有巨大潜力。
8.Prosthetic Hands That Sense Touch
8.触感人造手
Current prosthetic hands do little beyond filling the arm-shaped space between your body and the air. Sure, they can grasp things all right, and they help in balance, but they lack one of the human hand's most important abilities—the sense of touch. People with prosthetics can't detect if they're in contact with an object without looking at it directly.
现在的假手除了具备手的外形外，几乎没有其他功能。当然，这些假手能够拿东西和保持身体平衡，但是它们缺乏人手最重要的功能之一——触感。装了假手的人在碰触到一样物品时，如果不用眼睛看，是没法判断东西的。
A research team at the University of Chicago has solved this problem, producing hands that send electric signals to the brain. They've begun with monkeys as test subjects, studying the animals to see how their brains respond to touch. When outfitted with prosthetic hands that stimulate their brains that way, the monkeys respond just as though they physically touch objects themselves.
芝加哥大学的一个研究小组制造了一种能够向大脑传递信号的假手来解决这个问题。他们以猴子为测试对象，研究动物大脑对触摸信号的反应。当装备了可以刺激大脑的假手后，那些猴子的反应就好像他们身体接触到了物体一样。
Programming these same signals into artificial human limbs would give amputees replacement hands unlike anything we've developed before.
将这些类似的信号通过编程的方式写入造假肢，会给截肢者带来和以前研发出来的产品完全不同的假肢。
7.Thought-Controlled Bionic Legs
7.思想控制仿生腿
Though bionic legs are of course a huge boon to amputees, they lack actual nerve connections with the body. As a result, walking on them is cumbersome and tiring. But last year, Seattle resident Zac Vawter was outfitted with the world's first thought-controlled leg, a bionic limb that takes signals directly from his mind.
虽然仿生腿对截肢者来说是巨大的福音，但是它们与人体缺乏真正的神经联系，导致依靠仿生腿走路十分麻烦和劳累。但是去年，西雅图的居民Zac Vawter 安装了世界上第一支思想控制的腿，一种直接接受从他大脑发出信号的仿生肢体。
This technology previously existed for arms, but legs are rather more complicated. And since a misread signal can send you jumping off a bridge or in front of a moving car, thought-controlled legs need more stringent programming than equivalent arms. As one of the researchers delicately put it, “If you're using a bionic arm and it misbehaves, the elbow may move slightly. If the prosthetic leg misbehaves . . . that could be quite a safety issue.”
这项技术曾经运用于武器，但是运用在仿生腿上会更复杂。误读信号可能导致安装者跳下桥或站在开动的车辆前，依靠思想控制的仿生腿需要比武器更为复杂的程序。正如研究者指出的那样：如果你使用仿生胳膊，而胳膊动作做错了，可能只是手肘偏移预订位置。而如果仿生腿动作做错了，那可能就是生命安全问题了。
Vawter climbed 103 floors of a Chicago skyscraper on his bionic leg, but its designers are still working on improving it. To optimize it for everyday use, they have to make it even thinner and lighter. Its successor (the iLeg Air?) may meet the Army's stated goal for a bionic leg—10,000 steps without recharging.
Vawter 使用仿生腿在芝加哥一栋高楼里向上爬了103个阶梯，但是仿生腿的设计者们仍然在尝试提高它的性能。为了使它能适用于日常生活，设计者们必须让它更轻更薄。它的衍生品（充气仿生腿）可以满足陆军对于仿生腿的阶段性目标——行走一万步不用充电。
6.Miniature Human Brains
6.微型人脑
Brain death is a bit of an inconvenience if you're a fan of living, and if you're looking to replace yours with a spare, you're out of luck. Sure, maybe we'll one day be able to plant brains into skulls, but the brain's not just another organ. It contains all your thoughts and memories. They can plop a new brain in your head, but you'll still be gone, so the idea of making artificial brains may seem absurd.
如果你热爱生存，那么脑死亡是一件不美好的事。而且，如果你想用空闲的大脑来替换，那你是绝对找不到的。当然，也许有一天，我们能将大脑放入头骨中，但是大脑跟别的器官不同。它装有你所有的思想和记忆。人们能在你头里放一个新的大脑，但是你还是不存在，所以人造大脑这种想法看起来很荒谬。
But that hasn't stopped scientists from growing actual human brains in a lab. Starting with nothing but stem cells, scientists in Austria this year managed to create brains equivalent to those in nine-week-old fetuses. These miniature brains are the size of peas and are incapable of thought—so far. The one thing keeping the brains from growing beyond this stage and becoming fully functional is that they have no blood supply.
但是这并没有阻止科学家在实验室发展人造大脑。今年奥地利的科学家仅从干细胞开始，成功地创造出等同于9个周大的婴儿的大脑。目前，这些大脑只有豌豆大小，也不能思考。阻止这些试验品发育成具有完全功能的大脑的因素是它们没有血液供给。
But that hasn't stopped scientists from growing actual human brains in a lab. Starting with nothing but stem cells, scientists in Austria this year managed to create brains equivalent to those in nine-week-old fetuses. These miniature brains are the size of peas and are incapable of thought—so far. The one thing keeping the brains from growing beyond this stage and becoming fully functional is that they have no blood supply.
尽管这些大脑没有进入任何人的身体，但是他们给科学院研究脑科疾病提供了原材料。
5.3-D Printed Ears
5.3-D 打印耳朵
We've had the technology to artificially restore hearing for decades, but internal implants do nothing for the visible parts of the ear. You'd think those big flaps (“pinnae”) on either side of your head would be easy to replicate, since they're just skin and cartilage rather than complex organs. In reality, scientists have never done a good job with fake ears. Traditional replacements look and feel like plastic toys.
我们发展出人工记录声音的技术已经有几十年了，但是人工植入器官在耳朵这一领域没有任何改变。你可能认为生长在头两边的肉块极易替换，因为它们只是皮和软骨，而不是复杂的器官。事实上，科学家在制作假耳上并没有做得非常出色。传统的替代耳朵看起来或感觉起来都像塑料玩具。
But researchers this year came up with a new method that makes flexible, realistic ears out of real cells. Those cells come from rats and cows, and they form a collagen gel that can take the shape of any mold. When placed in a mold of a human ear—a mold assembled using a 3-D printer—the gel forms an ear in less than an hour. The artificial ear then just needs a few days growing in nutrients before it's ready to be implanted in a subject.
但是今年，研究者提出一种新的方法，这种方法可以通过真的细胞制作出有弹性真实的耳朵。这些细胞来自老鼠和奶牛，可以形成胶原凝胶，按任何模具成型。当放入使用3-D打印技术制作的耳朵模型后，一个小时内那些凝胶形成了一只假耳。在移植到对象之前，人造耳朵只需要在营养成分中生长培养几天。
These artificial ears will be a huge benefit to those who suffer injuries or who have microtia, a condition that keeps the ears from ever developing.
这些人造耳朵对那些遭受过耳朵伤害或者耳朵停滞发育即患有小耳畸形的人来讲是巨大的福音。
4.Noses That Smell Diseases
4.闻疾病的鼻子
Scientists may be working hard at making organs that match the body's capabilities, but why stop there?
科学家们在赋予人体器官原本能力方面投入很深，但是为何要仅限于此呢？
When researchers at the University of Illinois set out to create a device that identifies chemicals by their scent, they didn't settle for the sensitivity of the human nose. Instead, they created an artificial nose that uses the smell of bacteria to identify and diagnose specific diseases.
当伊利诺伊大学的研究员着手建立一种靠嗅觉来鉴别化学物质的装置时，他们并不满足于提高人类鼻子的灵敏度。相反，他们发展出一种假鼻子，依靠对细菌的气味来鉴别和诊断某些疾病。
The result doesn't look much like a nose—it's a bottle filled with liquid nutrient that cultivates bacteria. But give the “nose” a blood sample and let it sniff for a few days, and the bottle's dots will change color to indicate what bacteria, if any, it identifies.
产品看起来并不太像一个鼻子，而是一个瓶子，装满了培养细菌的营养液体。但是给这个“鼻子”一个血液样本，让它嗅上一段时间，这个瓶子的斑点会改变颜色来表示它鉴别出的细菌种类。
3.Artificial Pancreas
3.人工胰腺
The pancreas produce insulin, and if yours don't, you need to inject yourself with the hormone manually. Diabetics are therefore trapped in a stressful routine of continually checking their blood sugar and then shooting insulin whenever the need arises.
胰腺产生胰岛素，如果你的胰腺没有这样做，你需要人工注射胰岛素。因此，糖尿病患者必须进行的日常事例是检查他们的血糖，并且在必要时注射胰岛素。
Artificial pancreas, however, knock insulin into your body automatically. The device looks much like a regular insulin pump, which slips you insulin continuously through your skin, but this one monitors your blood sugar at all times and adjusts itself accordingly. So even when the wearer sleeps, there's no danger of falling into shock if their sugar drops too low.
但是人造胰腺能够自动释放胰岛素到你的身体里。这个装置看起来像一个规律的胰岛素泵，它可以穿透皮肤连续地释放胰岛素进入身体。而且它一直监视血液里的血糖含量，并根据血糖含量调整胰岛素释放量。所以，即使携带该设备的人睡着了，也不会有血糖降至很低而晕倒的危险。
Unlike several items on this list, artificial pancreas aren't still in some early development stage. The device very much exists and got FDA approval for sale this past September.
不像这篇文章中其他的人造物品，人工胰腺并不处于前期研究阶段，这个装置确实存在，而且在今年9月份得到了FDA的销售许可
2.Artificial Eyes
2.人工眼睛
As we pointed out earlier, we've long been able to restore hearing to the deaf, but restoring sight to the blind is a much more complicated matter. When people lose their sight, their retinas no longer send signals from their photoreceptors to their brains. To make an artificial eye, we'd need to understand how the retina processes those signals, and that's a code scientists just haven't been able to crack.
我们前面已经指出，我们已经能够让聋子听到声音，但是让盲人看见画面是更复杂的事情。当人们失去视力，他们的视网膜不再把光感受器的信号发送给大脑。为了制造人工眼睛，我们需要了解视网膜是如何取得这些信号，而这正是科学家尚未解决的关键之处。
Not until recently anyway. But scientists at Weill Cornell Medical College have at last managed to—at least with mice and monkeys. This produced artificial retinas, whose chips convert images into electronic signals and whose tiny projectors convert electronic signals into light.
直到最近，Weill Cornell Medical College的科学家们至少在老鼠和猴子身上实现了这一点。这种人造视网膜，它的芯片可以将画面转换为电子信号，而它的微型投影机可以将电子信号转化为投影光线。
These artificial eyes have indeed restored sight to blind mice. And the follow-up experiments on monkeys offer a lot of hope for eventual trials on humans because monkey and human retinas work similarly.
这些人工眼睛，确实恢复了盲鼠的视力。猴子的视网膜工作原理和人类的非常相似，因此随后在猴子上进行的试验给了最终的人类试验以成功的希望。
1.Fingers That Store Digital Files
1.手指存储器
When Finnish programmer Jerry Jalava had a motorcycle accident in 2008, he faced a double tragedy. First, he lost his finger, an obvious problem for anyone who types for a living. Second, he had to deal with a medical team who thought they were comedians—learning of his profession, one surgeon joked that Jalava should go out and buy a “USB finger drive.”
当芬兰程序员Jerry Jalava 2008年遇到车祸，他面临双重悲剧。首先，他失去了他的手指，对于靠打字生存的人来说是个大问题。其次，他必须跟一个幽默感过剩的医疗小组打交道。了解了他的遭遇后，一位外科医生竟然提议Jalava应该出门去买个“USB手指驱动器”。
Rather than strangling the doctor (difficult, due to his injury) Jalava took the corny line as inspiration. He decided to go ahead and actually build a prosthetic finger that contains two gigabytes of digital storage. He can now jack his finger into a computer just by peeling back the nail to expose the USB plug. He can also remove the entire finger at any time and hand it to a friend to use.
但是Jalava并没有拒绝医生的建议（出于伤情的实际情况考虑，拒绝很困难），而是将这个建议作为自己的期待。他决定试一试，并且真的在植入的手指里放入两千兆字节的数字存储器。他现在只需将指甲剥掉，露出USB插头，即可将手指插入电脑连接。他也可以在任何时候拿掉整个手指，并且借给朋友使用。
The next step? Jalava plans to upgrade the finger with an RFID tag and add wireless support. He also wants to add more memory, which seems pointless to us. If he needs more storage, he has nine other fingers he can chop off and replace with flash drives.
下一步呢？Jalava打算给手指带上RFID标签以进行升级，并且增加无线支持功能。他想扩充容量，方法自然是很无厘头的。如果他想有更多空间，他还有9个手指可以切掉换成移动存储器呢。
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
重点单词
查看全部解释
nutritious
[nju:'tris]
想一想再看
adj. 有营养的，滋养的
turkey
['t?:ki]
想一想再看
n. 土耳其
turkey
n. 火
联想记忆
X
单词turkey 联想记忆：
源于：Turkey土耳其，火鸡原产于土耳其地区。
lettuce
['letis]
想一想再看
n. 莴苣，生菜，纸币
corn
[k?:n]
想一想再看
n. 谷物，小麦，玉米
v. 形成(颗粒状)，
wheat
[wi:t]
想一想再看
n. 小麦，小麦色
stir
[st?:]
想一想再看
n. 感动(激动，愤怒或震动), 搅拌，骚乱
slice
[slais]
想一想再看
n. 薄片，切片
vt. 切成薄片，削
protein
['pr?uti:n]
想一想再看
n. 蛋白质
nutrition
[nju:'trin]
想一想再看
n. 营养
stressful
['stresf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 紧张的，压力重的
We’ve all had them: bosses and managers who make our work lives terrible and couldn’t manage a stack of paper clips, let alone a team of employees. I’ve written about the traits that make for bad bosses before, and in that article, a thoughtful commenter came up with his own list of what makes a good boss。
我们曾经都经历过：老板们和经理们让我们的生活越来越糟糕，不能管理好一堆文件，不理整个团队的员工。我之前写过一篇文章“不明智老板的特点”，在那篇文章里，一位考虑周到的评论者列出了他对如何做一个明智的老板的一些点评。
I loved his list (hat tip to him)， but I thought I’d elaborate on what I believe makes for an effective boss or manager。
我喜欢这个列表(很棒的观点)，但是我觉得我要更详细的完善一下怎样成为一个高效老板或者经理。
Having worked with many corporations and companies — large and small — I’ve seen time and time again what works, and what doesn’t。
曾在许多公司里面工作过----大公司或小公司----我看到过很多的方法有些起作用，有些并不起作用。
Effective bosses and managers tend to:
高效老板和经理们趋向于：
1.Provide strong leadership and a clear vision
1.超强领导力和清晰远见
The captain must steer the ship. If leadership doesn’t know where a project or company is headed, how can the company know? This isn’t just about steps or deliverables, either, but a clear vision of the department or company’s future that he or she can communicate to the employees。
犹如船长要驾驶一艘船。如果领导曾不知这个工程或公司如何牵头，公司又怎样知道呢？这不仅仅是关于接下来的步骤或者交付的内容这两点，而更是对部门或公司的未来有一个清楚的认识，他/她能够同公司员工一起交流的内容。
2.Hold themselves and others accountable
2.管理自己，对他人负责
Many bosses hold their staff accountable, but the best show that they hold themselves accountable as well. This means adhering to the same guidelines they set for their employees and taking responsibility for both team successes and failures。
许多老板都会对自己的员工负责，但是优秀的老板也会对他们自己的行为负责。这意味着他们同样会遵守为员工们设置的指导原则，并为团队的成功和失败负责任。
3.Good problem solver
3.解决问题的好手
One key thing the best bosses seem to have in common is that they are all consummate problem solvers. They can not only spot them, but brainstorm successful and innovative ways to fix them。
优秀老板看起来都会拥有的一个关键是：他们都是解决问题的高手。他们不仅能够发现问题，并能头脑风暴出成功创新的方法来解决问题。
4.Avoid micromanaging
4.不推崇微化管理
The best bosses understand the art of delegation. My commenter said something along the lines of, “They’ve fired themselves from their previous job,” meaning that they don’t interfere in the day-to-day and minute-to-minute workflow or processes. In essence, learning to delegate instead of micromanage is about trust。
优秀的老板们懂得授权的艺术。我的一位评论家说要沿着线走“他们已经从目前的工作里面抽身”，意味着他们不干涉每一天和每一分的工作流程和程序。本质上，学着去授权给员工去代替微化管理是对员工的一种信任。
5.Effective decision makers
5.高效决策者
Effective bosses must be effective decision makers. He or she cannot vacillate over every tiny decision. Being able to make decisions quickly and decisively — and then take responsibility for the outcome (see number 2) — is an important business skill, especially when managing others。
有效率的老板必须是有效率的决策者。他或她在每个小的决定上不能有半点犹豫。要能快速精准的做出决定----对以后的结果承担责任(请看第二条)----这是很重要的商业技巧，特别是在管理他人的时候。
6.Put people first
6.凡事以人为先
The best bosses understand that there must be a balance between the company or client’s needs and the needs of his or her employees. The best bosses are willing to listen and talk about any issues an employee may be having because they understand that a happy employee is a more productive employee。
优秀的老板知道公司或客户需求和他/她的员工需求之间一定存有一个平衡度。优秀的老板都喜欢倾听员工的心声和同他们交流可能存在的一些问题，因为他们知道员工快乐工作效率才会更高。
7.Manage up, down, and sideways
7.管理多向性
Managers are expected to manage the people below them on the corporate hierarchy, but the best managers also have ways of managing their superiors and coworkers on behalf of their team. Many times this means effective communication, managing expectations, and requesting help in a timely manner。
经理们在公司会管理等级制度上低于他们的人，但是优秀的经理也有方法管理他们的上级和代表团队的同事。很多时候这意味着有效的交流，管理期望和及时寻求帮助。
8.Show Appreciation
8.表达感激之情
Every employee wants a pat on the back once in a while, and the best bosses understand the importance of recognizing and appreciating employee contributions. This doesn’t have to mean bonuses or fancy corporate awards, but regular and meaningful expressions of appreciation。
每个员工都想偶尔得到上级的鼓励，优秀的老板们懂得认识和感激员工贡献的重要性。这并不意味着要对员工们作出一定的薪资奖励，而是合理的有意义的表达感激之情。
9.Be Honest
9.忠诚待人
There’s nothing worse than a boss who says one thing and does another, and nothing better than one who keeps his word. Just as managers must trust their team, employees must trust their boss to have their best interests at heart。
没有什么比老板所说和所做不一样更糟糕了，也没有什么比守信用更重要了。就像经理们一定要相信他们的团队，员工一定要相信他们的老板心中会为他们带来最佳利益。
10.Be Dedicated and balanced
10.专注工作，调节平衡
The very best bosses I’ve seen are passionate about their work; they live and breathe their jobs and strive to do the best work possible. Yet at the same time, they have lives outside of work. They understand the need to balance family and work or play and work. And they set a good example of how to do that for their employees。
我曾见过的超级优秀的老板们，都对他们的工作极具热情，他们同工作共生活共呼吸，尽最大努力将工作做到最好。与此同时，他们还有工作之外的生活。他们懂得家庭和工作或者玩和工作之间的平衡度。他们为员工们如何做到生活和工作之间平衡做了一个很好的表率。
Prince Miteb bin Abdullah, one of the most senior Saudi royals detained in the kingdom's corruption crackdown, has been released after reaching a settlement deal believed to exceed the equivalent of $1 billion, an official involved in the anti-graft campaign said.
参与沙特反腐行动的一名官员称，达成金额据信超过10亿美元的和解协议后，在该国反腐风暴中被捕的地位最高的沙特王室成员之一、米特卜·本·阿卜杜拉王子已获释。
Prince Miteb, who headed the powerful National Guard until early November, was released on November 28th, the official said. At least three other suspects have also finalized settlement deals.
这名官员称，米特卜王子已于11月28日获释。米特卜王子在11月初以前一直掌管着颇有实权的国民警卫队。至少还有三名嫌疑犯也完成了和解协议。
The public prosecutor has decided to release several individuals and will proceed with the prosecution of at least five others.
公共检察官已决定释放若干人，并将起诉至少五人。
Prince Miteb's release, less than a month since his arrest, shows the speed at which Saudi Arabia wants to settle the corruption probe that involved the sudden arrests of royals and billionaires such as Prince Alwaleed bin Talal.
米特卜王子被捕不到一个月即获释，这显示出沙特想要迅速结束这场腐败调查，阿尔瓦利德·本·塔拉尔王子等多名王室成员和亿万富翁在调查中突然被捕。
Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman said the majority of those being detained had agreed to pay back some of the money they had gained illegally in exchange for their freedom.
沙特王储穆罕默德·本·萨勒曼表示，多数被捕人员已同意归还部分非法获得的钱财，以换取自由。
The prince said authorities could recover as much as $100 billion in settlements.
该王储称，当局可通过和解收回多达1000亿美元。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
1)Thank You: Common courtesy? Sure. But tell me this: When was the last time you forgot (or rejected) gratitude? Whether given in private or public, a sincere ‘thanks’ creates goodwill. Don’t forget your mother’s advice: “Say please.” People are always happier doing a favor than taking an order.
1）谢谢：只是一般的礼貌？没错。那你告诉我，上一次你忘了说（或者拒绝说）谢谢是在什么时候？无论是在公开场合还是在私底下，说一句真诚的“谢谢”都会为你树立好口碑。也别忘了妈妈给你的忠告，“说请”。人们都喜欢比人请自己去做事而不是接受别人的命令去干活。
2) I Trust Your Judgment: Translation: “You have my permission. I believe in you. Now, go make it happen.” Feels pretty uplifting to hear that, doesn’t it? And I’ll bet you’d do almost anything to please someone who makes you feel that way. Your employees and peers are no different.
2）我相信你的判断：这句话的言外之意：“你征得了我的许可。我信任你。好吧，去做吧。”听到这样的话，是不是感觉很振奋？我保证你会为说这种话的人赴汤蹈火，因为这些话让人感觉如此振奋。你的员工也罢，你的同僚也罢，效果没有区别。
3) Tell Me More: “I’m all ears.” It’s the ultimate conversation starter! When you signal that you’re open and intrigued, the other party will respond in kind. And who can resist flattery? If your interest is genuine, you may just fuel a productive exchange.
3）告诉我更多吧：这句话的潜台词：“洗耳恭听。”这是开启话匣子的终极法宝！当你向对方敞开心扉、表达好奇的时候，对方一定会做出善意的回应。而且，谁不喜欢听好听的呢？如果你真的对对方所说的话感兴趣，或许你就能促成一次富有成效的交流。
4) I’m On It: You’re giving your full attention. You’re saying, “Relax. Don’t worry about a thing. I’ll see to it personally.” That response can disarm just about anyone. To express a deeper commitment, use “You have my word.” This makes you more accountable to someone, conveying that you’re on board and will make it happen…whatever it takes.
4）我来搞定它：你专心致志地听别人说话。然后你说，“轻松一点，别担心。我会亲自搞定它的。”这样的承诺会让所有人都放松下来。如果想要做出更大的承诺，你就可以说，“我向你保证。”这样的表态会让你看起来更可靠。在对方眼里，你已经进入角色，并且会尽一切努力去完成的。
5) I’ve Got Your Back: We’ve all made big mistakes. In those times, step in with a reassurance: “I’m not judging you. You’re going to get through this. You’re not alone. We’ll figure this out together. It’s going to be OK.”
5）我支持你：我们都犯过大错误。此时，不要回避，要对对方说一些肯定的话语：“我不是在说你不行。你会度过这个难关的。你不是一个人在战斗。我们将一起解决此事。一切都会没事的。”
6) My Pleasure: This subtle reminder reinforces a key point. You’re here to help others. You have all the time they need. And you’re happy to do it.
6）乐意效劳：通过此句话的微妙提示所起的作用，可以使某一关键内容得到强化的效果。你乐意帮助别人。无论什么时候，他们需要你的帮助，你都在场。而且，你是乐意效劳的。
7) Let Me Play Devil’s Advocate: Looking for a subtle way to critique? Turn the conversation into an exercise where you’re a detached party performing a function: Poking holes in the logic and plan of attack. You use this strategy to stress test ideas without making the process personal.
7）让我来唱黑脸：想找一种婉转的批评方式？将对话转变为一场操练，你在其中扮演被孤立的一方，执行一项职能：戳穿（对方言语中的）逻辑漏洞及其攻击计划中的漏洞。你使用此条策略，一定要强调一点，千万不要在这些观点中掺杂个人情绪。
8) Let Me Think About That: Yeah, it sounds like a cop out. And it is…sometimes. Fact is, we don’t always have the authority or expertise to make decisions. This phrase buys you time and breathing space. Then, set a date and time for follow up so the other person knows you’re taking him serious.
8）让我想想：是的，这话听起来有点像托词。有时，它就是托词。事实是，我们不可能任何时候都有权或有资格做决策。这句话为你赢得了思考的时间，你大可喘口气。然后，设定好日期及具体时间，做好跟进工作，让对方知道你很在乎他。
9) Well Done: It’s a cliché, no doubt. Sometimes, it isn’t enough just to say thanks. People want to know what they did was great and why. They pour so much sweat and soul into their projects.They need to know their work was special and had meaning to someone.
9）做得不错：毫无疑问，这有点陈词滥调的味道。有时，仅说一句“谢谢”还不够。人们想知道他们的工作完成得是否出色，也想知道为什么他们工作干的出色。毕竟，他们为项目流了太多的汗水，倾注了太多的心血。他们需要知道自己的工作很特别且是有意义的。
10) You’re Right: Want to get someone’s attention? Tell him that he’s right. Once you yield the high ground, it’s much easier for the other party to swallow that the right plan and sentiment can’t always overcome the absurdities and restraints we face every day.
10）你是对的：倘若你想引起别人的注意，径自告诉他，他是对的。一旦你交出交谈中的优势地位，对方就更容易接受这一事实：正确的规划或情绪并不总能够战胜我们每天都要面对的荒谬事儿或者种种限制。
At least 10 students lost their chance to attend Harvard College after posting "obscene memes" to a private Facebook chat, the main Harvard student newspaper reported.
据哈佛大学校报报道，至少10名学生因在脸书私聊小组中发布“猥琐表情”而失去哈佛大学的入学资格。
The memes included jokes about pedophilia, child abuse, sexual assault, and the Holocaust.
这些表情包恶搞的话题涉及恋童癖、虐待儿童、性侵害以及纳粹大屠杀。
The memes were shared as part of a private Facebook chat where admitted students in the class of 2021 shared edgy jokes as part of a "just-because-we-got-into-Harvard-doesn't-mean-we-can't-have-fun kind of thing", an admitted student told the Harvard Crimson.
一位被录取的学生告诉《哈佛深红报》，这些表情包来自哈佛2021届学生的脸书私聊小组，他们在这个群组里分享一些尖酸刻薄的笑话，“被哈佛录取不代表我们就不能开玩笑”。
The paper quoted a number of students from the incoming class, who had a range of responses, including two who said it was the right approach to withdraw the offers. "I do not know how those offensive images could be defended," one student said.
新生们对此事各持己见，《哈佛深红报》报道了一些学生的观点。其中有两位新生称取消这些人的入学资格是正确的。一名学生表示，“我不知道他们对这些冒犯无礼的图片有什么可辩解的”。
At least two Harvard professors, however, questioned the decision to withdraw the offers. Alan Dershowitz, an emeritus professor at Harvard Law School, told the Guardian that losing admission to Harvard was a "draconian punishment" for "very bad taste jokes that students were sending to each other".
然而，至少有两名哈佛教授对取消入学资格的做法表示质疑。哈佛大学法学院荣誉教授艾伦?德肖维茨告诉《卫报》，学生们因互相之间“开非常恶劣的玩笑”而失去哈佛的入学资格，这样的“惩罚太苛刻”。
"It sounds like Harvard is intruding too deeply into the private lives of students," said Dershowitz, who has represented a series of high-profile clients, including OJ Simpson.
“听起来，哈佛对学生的私生活管得太宽了”，曾为OJ?辛普森等多位名人做过代理律师的德肖维茨说。
"It may affect them for life," Dershowitz said.
“这可能影响他们一生。”
Harvey C Mansfield, one of Harvard's most outspoken conservative professors and the author of a book called Manliness, also told the Guardian he questioned the decision. "The bounds of what is offensive have been extended and distorted, and I no longer trust the bent judgment of politically correct enforcers."
哈维?C?曼斯菲尔德是哈佛大学最直言不讳的保守派教授，他也是《刚毅》一书的作者。曼斯菲尔德告诉《卫报》，他对这个决定存有质疑。“人们对无礼冒犯的界定已经被放大歪曲，我不再相信那些坚持政治正确的执法者做出的不公判决。”
A spokeswoman for Harvard University declined to comment on the report. "We do not comment publicly on the admissions status of individual applicants," Rachael Dane wrote in an email.
哈佛大学发言人瑞秋?戴恩拒绝对该新闻发表评论。她在邮件中写道：“我们对于个别申请人的录取情况不予置评”。
The official Facebook page for students admitted to join the Harvard Class of 2021 warns students that "Harvard College reserves the right to withdraw an offer of admission under various conditions including if an admitted student engages in behavior that brings into question his or her honesty, maturity, or moral character".
2021届哈佛待入学新生的脸书官方主页提醒学生，“如果新生在诚信、成熟度或道德品质方面存在问题，那么校方保留针对恶劣情况取消学生入学资格的权利。
Dershowitz said this guidance was too vague to provide students with any real understanding of the school's expectations. "When you punish a student seriously without articulating standards, I think it raises questions," he said.
德肖维茨称，这个说法太模糊了，学校没有提出任何具体的要求。“当学校严肃处理学生时，却不说明他们的判断标准，我认为这是有问题的。”
“These students have absolutely no free speech rights that were violated in this context."
“在这种情况下，这些学生的言论自由权利根本没有被侵犯。”
“The First Amendment’s Free Speech protections apply only to violations by public entities, and since Harvard is a private university the First Amendment does not apply,” she said.
她表示：“美国宪法第一修正案中对于言论自由的保护仅针对公共实体的违法情况，而哈佛是所私立大学，所以第一修正案根本不适用。”
"The Constitution really doesn't apply here. The Constitution limits how much government can suppress speech, not a private university," she said.
“此种情形中，宪法还真不适用。宪法限制了政府对言论的压制，但不限制私立学校。”
Meme-sharing Facebook groups have become a new college tradition, Mic reported last week, with students across the country trading inside jokes and fighting battles with rival universities via screenshot and caption.
据Mic上周报道，脸书表情包分享群组已经成为一个新兴的大学传统，全国各地的学生们用截图和配字互开玩笑，与对手学校互怼。
The names of some of these public Facebook groups, Mic reported, were "Harvard Memes for Elitist 1% Tweens", "UCLA Memes for Sick AF Tweens" and "USC Memes for Spoiled Pre-Teens".
报道称，这些公共脸书群组的名字包括，“哈佛前1%精英少年表情包群”、“UCLA超变态青少年表情包群”、“USC被宠坏的小少年表情包群”等。
The private Facebook group chat that led to offers of admission being rescinded was named, at one point, "Harvard memes for horny bourgeois teens", the Crimson reported.
《深红报》称，此次被取消入学资格的学生所在的私人脸书群组名为“哈佛饥渴猥琐资产阶级少年”。
Self-driving cars, selfie sticks, drones, touchscreen devices, e-cigarettes, jetpacks, and many other things seem like fairly modern inventions. Indeed, most of their "inventors" list them as newly invented and even go as far as seeking patents. But the fact is, many of these "inventions" have already been in existence for quite some time. They may have earlier lookalikes that ended up not going into production or that went into limited production due to one reason or another. Some also made it into full production but were recalled due to poor sales.
自动驾驶汽车，自拍杆，无人驾驶飞机，触屏设备，电子香烟，喷射背包和许多其他看起来像现代的发明的东西，其实都是老发明。大部分的"发明者"把它们当做新发明，甚至去申请专利。但事实是，这些"发明"已经存在一段时间了。它们都有早期类似的原型，这些早期产品最终没有投入生产，或因为特定原因而限量生产。而有些"发明"得以大批量生产，却因为销售不佳而流产。
10.Selfie Sticks
10.自拍杆
The first selfie stick was invented long before the first handheld mobile device was made. A selfie stick was definitely invented by the Japanese man Hiroshi Ueda in the 1980s. A photographer and worker at the Minolta camera company, Hiroshi made the selfie stick because he and his wife were unable to take pictures of themselves during a trip to Europe. (When he asked a boy to take pictures of them, the boy ran off with the camera.)
在第一部掌上移动设备发明之前，自拍杆已经问世。自拍杆其实是由一个日本男人上田宏在20世纪80年代发明的。上田宏是美能达相机公司的摄影师，他发明这个自拍杆，是因为他和妻子在欧洲旅行时无法自拍合照。（当时，他叫一个男孩帮他们拍照，那个男孩却拿着相机跑了。）
Frustrated, he invented something that would allow him take a picture of himself: He called it the "extender stick." Since the iPhone really hadn't been invented yet, a small camera was to be attached to one end of the stick. It also had a small mirror in its front so that users could see how they would look in the photograph. He patented the "extender stick" in 1983. The product was mass produced for sale but it was a commercial failure. The quality of the pictures was low. Besides, previous research showed that the women back then were embarrassed by the idea of taking pictures of themselves. The selfie stick was then reinvented by Wayne Fromm in the year 2000, three years before Hiroshi's patent expired. Fromm called his the "quik pod." He believes he is the inventor of today's selfie sticks and has even sued several other selfie stick producers. When asked about Hiroshi's selfie sticks, he said they were "prior art."
万分沮丧之下，他发明了可以允许自拍的东西：他称之为"伸缩杆"。因为智能手机还没发明出来，所以，连接在自拍杆末端的是一个微型相机。在杆的前端有一面小镜子，方便使用者调整他们在相机里的姿态。他在1983年为"伸缩杆"申请了专利。虽然自拍杆进行了大量生产出售，却属商业败笔——相片的质量比较差。另外，以前的研究表明，那时的女士会因自己有自拍的想法而感到尴尬。在2000年，自拍杆被韦恩·弗洛姆(Wayne Fromm)重新发明，那时，上田宏的"伸缩杆"专利期尚有三年。弗洛姆称他的自拍杆为"快捷豆荚"。他认为他才是当今自拍杆的发明者，甚至起诉其他自拍杆生产者。当被问到上田宏的自拍杆时，弗洛姆评论说它们是"先前的艺术"。
9.Touchscreens
9.触屏
In 2007, Apple released the first iPhone: a full touchscreen phone, complete with its own virtual keypad. To many, Apple had done something new, something never seen before. They had made the first touchscreen phone. But this was incorrect: Apple did not make the first touchscreen phone, nor was the touchscreen a new invention.
在2007年，苹果公司发布了第一款iPhone手机：带有虚拟键盘的全触屏手机。对很多人来说，苹果取得了新突破，发明了新事物--他们制造了第一款触屏手机。但这种说法是错误的：苹果不是第一个制造触屏手机的公司，触屏也不是什么新发明。
To start with, a year before the first iPhone was released, LG had introduced a full touchscreen phone. Even that was not the first, though. The world's first touchscreen phone was IBM's Simon, which was released in 1992. And touchscreen technology even predates the Simon. The first touchscreen device was a tablet made by E.A. Johnson in 1965 that was used by air traffic controllers until 1995. Bent Stumpe and Frank Beck made the first capacitive touchscreen in the early '70s. Unlike Johnson's tablet, it could not be pressed with the fingers. Instead, it required a stylus. In 1971, Samuel Hurst developed the first resistive touchscreen, which he called the "elograph." It responded to the fingers as well as a stylus. In 1985, HP invented the world's first touchscreen computer, called the HP-150. In 1993, Apple also released its first touchscreen device—the Newton Personal Digital Assistant. The product was a flop, recording low sales.
其实，在第一部iPhone手机发布的前一年，LG集团已经推出了全触屏手机。虽然那也不是第一台触屏手机。1992年，世界上第一台触屏手机IBM Simon发布。而触屏技术在"西蒙"之前已经出现。1965年，E·A·约翰逊发明了第一个触屏设备——平板电脑，截止到1995年，一直由空中交通管制员使用。本特·斯顿普和弗兰克·贝克(Frank Beck)在20世纪70年代早期发明了电容式触屏，与约翰逊所发明触屏不同的是，它不能用手指操作，而是需要使用触控笔。在1971年，山姆·赫斯特发明了第一台电阻式触屏，他称之为"电子图表"。手指和触控笔都可以对它进行操作。在1985年，惠普公司发明了世界上第一台触屏电脑H-P150。在1993年，苹果公司也发布了第一个触屏设备——牛顿个人电子助理设备。但此产品并不成功，它的销量很低。
8.Wheel Skates
8.轮滑
Wheel skates look somewhat like regular inline skates, except that the wheels are much larger, up to the size of bicycle tires. They are seen as a cross between an inline skate, a ski, and a bike. Recently, a company called Chariot Skates said they had come up with something unique—the Chariot wheel skates. According to the company, wheel skates are "revolutionary new skating products." Revolutionary? They do at least revolve. New? No. The first wheel skate was made more than 142 years ago.
轮滑看起来有点像常规的单排轮滑鞋，不过轮滑的轮非常大，尺寸大小跟自行车车轮差不多，看起来像是溜冰鞋，滑雪板和自行车的合体。最近一家名字叫作战车溜冰的公司声称，他们已经有了一些独特的想法——战车轮滑。根据该公司所说，这种轮滑是"革命性的新轮滑产品"。这是一场改革吗？也许是吧，他们至少在改进设计。这是发明吗？不是的。第一双轮滑早在142年前就已存在 。
It even featured in the March 19, 1870, issue of Scientific American magazine. Made by Thomas Luders from Olney, Illinois, and called a "pedespeed," the wheels then were much smaller, measuring around 36 centimeters (15 in) in diameter. Luders also said the skates could be used by anybody, irrespective of their physique. He himself was a large, heavy man, and he claimed he could use them for two straight hours without getting tired. Another version of wheel skates, appearing in 1923, had its tires on the inside of the foot rather than outside. (Other than the size of the wheels, the main improvement made by Chariot Skates is the small tire at the back of the bigger tire for increased stability.)
1870年3月19号，轮滑登上杂志《科学美国人》。它的制作人是伊利诺伊州奥尔尼的托马斯·呂德斯，被称作"佩德速度"，后来，轮滑的轮变得小了很多，直径约为36厘米（15英寸）。吕德斯身材高大魁梧，他说自己用轮滑一直滑2个小时也不觉得累，同时他也说每一个人都可以滑轮滑，不论他们是什么体型。另一种轮滑出现在1923年，它的轮子在脚的内侧，而非外侧。（除了轮子的尺寸不一样以外，两种轮滑最主要的差别在于：由战车溜冰公司制作的轮滑，小轮在大轮的后面，增强整个轮滑的稳定性。）
7.Drones
7.无人机
The first drone can be traced back to 1916 when British inventor Archibald Low designed and flew the first unmanned radio-controlled vehicle. The drone was made to counterattack German Zeppelin airships, and it also carried out ground attacks during World War I. It was made with wood and tin, its wings taken from the lower wing of another biplane. Overall, the drone was somewhat unsuccessful because the noise from its engine interfered with its radio. The Sopwith Aircraft Company also tried making a drone in 1916. They placed the radio equipment at the tail so that the engine would not interfere with its signal, but their drone never flew as it was damaged in an accident on the ground. Low would try flying his drone again in 1917 when he flew it in front of some senior military officers. It was launched from the back of a lorry and flew for some time before crashing due to engine failure, almost killing the military officers present.
第一架无线电操纵的无人驾驶飞机可追溯到1916年。英国发明家阿奇博尔德·洛设计并试飞了第一架无人遥控飞机。它是为了反攻德国齐柏林飞艇而制作的，在第一次世界大战中参与了对地面攻击的战斗。无人机由木和锡制成，它的机翼用的是其他双翼飞机的较低机翼。总的来说，无人机是有些失败的，因为它的引擎噪音干扰了无线操作。1916年，索普威斯飞松公司也尝试制作无人机，他们将无线电设备放置在无人机的尾部，这样引擎就不会干扰到它的信号。但因一次地面上的意外事故，他们的无人机再未起飞：当洛操作无人机飞到高级军官面前时，他原本计划会在1917年再次试飞无人机。但无人机从卡车的后面发射后，飞了一段时间便因引擎故障而坠毁，差点要了在场的军官的命。
6.Head-Mounted Computer Displays
6.头戴式电脑出现
In 2012, Google introduced Google Glass, a computer you can wear on your face. Someone wearing the glasses can be walking down the street or doing any everyday task while simultaneously seeing an overlay of calendar appointments, messages, and subway alerts. They can make video calls and even upload live videos to the Internet while on the move, without ever needing to use their hands. Google Glass might be cool, it might be new, it might be revolutionary, but it's definitely not the first pair of wearable computer glasses.
2012年，谷歌发明了谷歌眼镜，一台你能戴在你脸上的电脑。在街上行走或者进行每天的任务的时候戴着它，可以同步看一些覆盖在眼镜上的日程会议，短信及地铁警戒等信息。戴着它行走的时候，可以用它们打视频电话，甚至把直播视频上传到网络，这一切都不需要动手。谷歌眼镜可能挺酷的，挺新颖，还有创新性，但是它绝对不是第一副可佩戴的电脑眼镜。
The first wearable computer glasses were made by Edward Thorp and Claude Shannon in 1961. In 1968, Ivan Sutherland made the "Sword of Damocles." It was the first head-mounted computer display and an early variant of all wearable computer glasses we have today. In 1980, Steve Mann, known today as the father of wearable computing, made the "WearComp", a pair of tech-enhanced glasses that was capable of communicating wirelessly with other computers and could share videos. He continued to work on the glasses over the years, and by 1999, he had come up with a pair of glasses that looked like Google Glass, or rather, that Google Glass looks like. He called it the "EyeTap."
1961年，爱德华·索普和克劳德·香农共同研制出第一副可佩戴的电脑眼镜。1968年，伊凡·苏泽兰制造出了"达摩克里斯的利剑"。这是第一台头戴式电脑，也是今天我们所有头戴式电脑的鼻祖。1980年，史蒂夫·曼恩，被称为"头戴式电脑之父"，制造出了"可穿戴式电脑"，这种电子增强型的眼镜，可以与其他电脑进行无线沟通以及共享视频。接下来的几年，他在眼镜领域继续研究，而在1999年时，他制造出了一副很像谷歌眼镜的眼镜，或者说谷歌眼镜的原型。他叫它做"电子眼镜"。
来源：前十网
5.E-Cigarettes
5.电子烟
E-cigarettes first started becoming popular in 2012. They work by heating a nicotine fluid to mimic a real cigarette. Their invention is usually credited to Chinese pharmacist Hon Lik, who reportedly created it after he dreamed that he was drowning in a cloud of vapor. His father had died of lung cancer caused by cigarettes. He himself was an unrepentant smoker who had unsuccessfully tried quitting by using a nicotine patch.
2012年，电子烟开始流行，它们的工作原理是通过加热尼古丁的液体，模拟真实的烟。很多人认为电子烟是中国的制药商韩力发明的，他说梦到自己在烟雾缭绕的蒸气中快要窒息后，发明了电子烟。他的父亲死于吸烟引起的肺癌。他自己也是一个不折不扣的瘾君子，他曾尝试使用尼古丁贴片来戒烟，但失败了。
The fact is, Hon Lik is not the first person to invent the e-cigarette. Way back in 1963, Herbert Gilbert made the world's first device that could be used to inhale tobacco-flavored air. In Gilbert's original version, there was no form of combustion and it was free of nicotine. He later designed a prototype that used a battery to create heat. He also used different flavors of water to create steam. He presented his prototypes to different chemical, pharmaceutical, and tobacco companies, but they simply turned down his prototypes.
事实是，韩力不是第一个发明电子烟的人。早在1963年，赫尔伯特·吉尔伯特就制造出了世界上第一个可以用来吸入香烟味儿空气的装置。他最初的发明装置，不用燃烧，也不含尼古丁。他后来设计出了一个用电池去加热的模型，他也用了不同味道的水去制造蒸气。他把他的电子烟模型展示给不同的化工、制药以及烟草公司，但是他们都没有理会他的模型。
4.Autonomous Cars
4.无人驾驶的汽车
Also called self-driving cars, autonomous cars have been making the news recently. Chief among them are Google's self-driving cars. Google's driverless cars have traveled over 480,000 kilometers (300,000 mi) with only two accidents, both of which were caused by humans. But self-driving cars aren't new. In fact, their concepts have arguably been around since the days of Leonardo da Vinci, who invented a spring-powered cart with a programmable steering device.
最近，无人驾驶汽车的新闻屡见报端，它也叫做自动驾驶汽车。谷歌的自动驾驶汽车是此行业的领头羊，已行驶48万千米（30万英里），仅发生过两次交通事故，还都是人为因素造成的。事实上，无人驾驶汽车并不是新奇事物，早在达·芬奇发明以弹簧发条作驱动带内置预设程序的马车时，自动驾驶的概念便名噪一时。
More recently, however, General Motors made a self-driving car in 1958 that adjusted its steering wheel based on the alternating currents given off by a wire placed inside the road. While the vehicle did actually drive itself, it does not qualify as the first autonomous vehicle because it depended on wires placed inside the ground. The world's first autonomous vehicle was made by S. Tsugawa and several of his colleagues at Japan's Tsukuba Mechanical Engineering Laboratory. However, German engineer Ernst Dickinson is regarded as the pioneer of the autonomous car. In 1987, he developed the VaMoRs which was capable of traveling more than 90 kilometers per hour (55 mph) for about 20 kilometers (12 mi). Seven years later, he made the VaMP, which could recognize road signs, know its own position in a lane, detect other vehicles, and even decide when to change lanes. And a year after that, he and his team made another autonomous vehicle which traveled from Germany to Denmark. The vehicle had a maximum speed of 180 kilometers per hour (111 mph) and was controlled by a human for about 5 percent of the journey.
后来，通用汽车在1958年设计出一款无人驾驶汽车，其原理是：由线圈感知道路中所嵌入电线的交流电信号，并相应地调整方向盘。然而汽车确实能自主驾驶，但并不能称为第一辆全自动驾驶汽车，因为它必须依赖嵌在地面的电线。在日本的筑波机械工程实验室，津川和他的几个同事发明了世界上第一辆自动驾驶汽车。然而，德国工程师恩斯特·迪克斯被称为无人驾驶汽车的先驱。1987年，他发明的"极速"，时速超过90千米（56英里/小时），行驶了大约20千米（12分钟）。7年后，他发明的VaMP，不但可以识别道路标记，而且能定位自己在车道内的位置，还能勘测其他车辆，甚至能判断何时该变道。一年后，他和他的团队发明的自动驾驶汽车，从德国行驶到丹麦，最高时速为180千米（111英里/小时）。整段旅程中，仅有5%左右的路程是人为驾驶。
3.Flying Bicycles
3.会飞的自行车
A few years back, a flying bicycle called the "Paravelo" was invented. And it isn't called a flying bicycle for fun. It is a bicycle (with a large parachute on top) that actually flies. It travels around 25 kilometers per hour (15 mph) on land and 40 kilometers per hour (25 mph) in the air. It can also fly up to a height of 1,200 meters (4,000 ft). The best part? You don't need a pilot's license. The Paravelo has been called the world's first flying bicycle, a title we must point out it does not really own.
几年前，有人发明了一辆会飞的自行车，叫做"Paravelo"。称一辆自行车会飞，并不是开玩笑，而是这辆自行车真的会飞（车头有一个巨大的降落伞）。它在陆地和空中的时速分别为25千米（15英里）和40千米（25英里），可飞至1200米（4000英尺）高空。最棒的地方是什么呢？那就是你不需要有飞行驾照。Paravelo号称世界上第一辆会飞的自行车，但我们必须指出它并不是第一辆会飞的自行车。
The world's first flying bicycle flew on November 9, 1961, when Derek Pigott of the University of Southampton flew in a bicycle with an airplane-like body. It was called the Southampton University Man Powered Aircraft (sumpac). Derek furiously pedaled the air-bike to get it off the ground. It then flew 1.8 meters (about 6 ft) above the ground over a distance of 64 meters (210 ft). While the flight was short and slow, it still does not change the fact that it was the first bicycle to fly and at the same time, the first human-powered flight.
1961年11月9日，扬妮克?里德在南安普顿大学上空骑着一辆形状非常像飞机的自行车——世界上第一辆会飞的自行车诞生了。这辆自行车被称为南安普顿大学的人力飞机（塞桑普顿大学号）。为使自行车飞离地面，德里克刚开始猛烈地踩脚踏板，然后自行车在离地面1.8米（6英尺）的高处飞行，最终飞行了64米（210英尺）。即使飞行速度很缓慢，飞行距离也很短，但这仍是第一辆会飞的自行车，同时，也是第一辆"人力飞车"。
2.Jetpacks
2.喷气背包
In 2010, the Martin Aircraft Company introduced a jetpack it called "the world's first piratical jetpack." The jetpack even won a spot in Time's Top 50 Inventions of 2010. While its development has been on since 1981, the world's first jetpack is known to have flown in 1958. It was designed by Wendell Moore, a researcher at Bells Aerosystems. Early prototypes of Wendell's jetpack could reach a height of 5 meters (16 ft) and remain airborne for three minutes. This attracted the attention of the US Army, which funded the project with $150,000. Several test flights were later done for the US Army and even for JFK himself. The army later stopped paying for more research into the project because the flight time and distance were not convincing enough. NASA also wanted to use the jetpack for their Apollo 11 mission to serve as backups in case their lunar module malfunctioned. They later changed their minds, going for the lunar rover instead. After this setback, Bell discontinued further research on the jetpack.
2010年，马丁飞行器公司推出的喷气背包号称"世界上第一个盗版喷气背包"。这个喷气背包甚至还被列入《时代周刊》"2010年度50强发明"之一，因为众所周知世界上第一个喷气背包是在1958年发明的，且自1981年来一直在发展。喷气背包由温德尔·穆尔设计，他是贝尔空间系统公司的研究员。温德尔设计的喷气背包的早期模型飞行高度可达5米（16英尺），飞行时间为3分钟。这一点引起了美国军队的注意，美国军队便为这一项目投资了15万美元。后来，还特地为美国军队做了些试飞飞行器，也为肯尼迪总统做了飞行器。之后，因为飞行时间和飞行距离有限，美国军队取消了对这个项目后续研究的投资。美国航天局也想用喷气背包为阿波罗11号任务做支援，以防登机舱出故障。但之后还是改变了想法，改用了月球车。贝尔经历了这个挫折后，停止了对飞行器的进一步研究。
1.Bladeless Fans
1.无叶风扇
Simply put, bladeless fans are fans without blades. They work by sucking in air at their base and then blowing them out through several holes in their ring. The fan is reported to have been invented by James Dyson, who calls it the "Air Multiplier." Just like the flying jetpack, it earned a spot in Time's list of notable inventions of 2009. And just like the jetpack, it was not the first of its kind. The first bladeless fan was actually patented in 1981 by a Japanese company called Tokyo Shiba Electric. Although Tokyo Shiba's bladeless fan was never manufactured, James Dyson's initial design of a bladeless fan design looked so similar to that of Tokyo Shiba Electric that the patent office refused to grant him a patent. The patent granted to Tokyo Shiba had already expired, but the patent office still required something substantially different before it could grant a new patent to James Dyson. Dyson's patent manager, Gill Smith, did not deny the similarities between both bladeless fans but said the difference between them was the "technology."
简言之，无叶风扇就是没有叶片的风扇。它的工作原理是先将空气吸入风扇基座内部，然后通过扇头环形上的洞将空气吹出。这款风扇据说是詹姆斯·戴森发明的，并命名为"气流倍增器"。就像可以飞行的喷气背包一样，无叶风扇被《时代周刊》评为"2009年度伟大发明"之一，同样它也不是世界上第一个无叶风扇。实际上，第一个无叶风扇于1981年被日本的东京芝区电力公司获得专利。尽管东京芝区电力公司的无叶风扇并没有用于生产制造，但詹姆斯的无叶风扇的原始设计与其设计相似，所以专利局拒绝授予詹姆斯这个专利。尽管授予东京芝区电力公司的专利已经过期，但在授予詹姆斯这项新专利之前，专利局需要他提供该设计的创新之处。詹姆斯的经理吉尔·斯密斯并没有否认这两种无叶风扇间的相似性，只是说两者间的差异在于所用"科技"不同。
来源：前十网
A child prodigy with an IQ higher than Albert Einstein is celebrating becoming a unique member of Mensa. Nishi Uggalle, ten, is one of the youngest people in the country to score the highest possible mark of 162 in the IQ society's supervised testing.
一位智商比爱因斯坦还高的天才儿童正庆祝自己成为门萨的特殊会员。这位小姑娘是妮诗·尤佳拉，今年10岁，在门萨智商测试中拿到了162分的高分，是英国得分最高且最年轻的参试者之一。
The Mensa Supervised IQ Test can only be taken by children aged over ten-and-a-half and consists of two separate industry-standard assessments. One measures mainly verbal reasoning skills and the other, which includes diagrams and images, assesses visual and spatial logic. And Nishi, from Audenshaw in Tameside, scored the highest possible mark of 162 in the first test – known as the Cattell III B score. She scored 142 in the second element, the Culture Fare Scale, with the results putting her in the top one per cent of the nation in terms of IQ. Anyone scoring a percentile of two in any Mensa test is admitted to the society.
门萨智商测试的参试者必须是超过十岁半的儿童，测试包括两部分独立的行业标准评估。一部分主要测试语言推理能力;而另一部分包含表格和图形，测试视觉和空间逻辑能力。而来自坦姆赛德的妮诗在第一部分卡特尔III B测试中得到了最高的162分，在第二部分的文化能力量表(Culture Fare Scale)中得到了142分，该测试结果使她名列英国智商最高的前1%人群，而门萨测试成绩前2%的参试者都可以成为门萨会员。
The controlled test takes two-and-a-half hours and, according to theories, Nishi's score and subsequentIQ of 162 would be two points higher than famous physicist Einstein.
测试采用闭卷形式，长达两个半小时。理论上说，妮诗的测试成绩以及由此推算出的162分智商比大名鼎鼎的物理学家爱因斯坦还要高2分。
The former pupil at Audenshaw's Poplar Street Primary is studying at Withington Girls' School and starts at Altrincham Grammar School for Girls in September. She lives with her parents, Neelanga and Shiromi, who moved to Manchester from Sri Lanka in 2001. Dad Neelanga, 44, praised Nishi's first teachers at Poplar Street Primary. He said: 'We knew very early on that she was gifted. She started reading and writing very early and was became very good at mathematics. We gave her challenging, interesting things to do. As a parent, you do not want their talents to be wasted, but there has to be a balance with their childhood. She is just a normal 10-year-old, just like any other 10-year-old really. She loves reading, cycling and walking, and we're all very proud of her.'
妮诗原来就读于奥顿肖杨树街小学，现在就读于威辛顿女子学校，今年九月会进入奥尔特林厄姆女子语法学校。她与父母尼朗加和施若咪一起生活， 2001年，一家三口从斯里兰卡搬到了曼彻斯特。44岁的父亲尼朗加称赞妮诗在杨树街小学的启蒙老师们功不可没。他说：“我们很早就知道她有天赋，她很小就开始阅读和写字，而且非常擅长数学计算。我们让她做一些有挑战又有趣味的事。作为父母，你不想让孩子的天赋荒废掉，但是在他们的童年时期又需要平衡。她只是一个普通的10岁小孩，真的就像任何其他的10岁小孩。她喜欢阅读、骑车、散步，我们都为她感到骄傲。”
John Stevenage, chief executive of British Mensa, said he was delighted for Nishi. He said: 'I hope she will make full use of her membership to meet new, like-minded people and challenge herself. Joining Mensa opens the door to an international network of more than 100,000 people and many members make friends for life.
英国门萨首席执行官约翰·斯蒂门尼奇说他为妮诗感到高兴。他说：“我希望她能充分利用好成为门萨会员的机会，结交志趣相投的新朋友，不断挑战自己。加入门萨，就为你打开了一扇大门。门萨是一个会员超过10万人的世界网络，很多会员会成为终生好友。”
The film version of the popular television series "Legend of Sword and Fairy", also known as Chinese Paladin starts shooting in Zhejiang Province today.
深受大众喜爱的电视连续剧《仙剑奇侠传》的电影版本于今日在浙江正式开拍。
The film is shot to mark the tenth anniversary of the television series, first released in 2005.
这部电影也是为了纪念2005年电视剧发行十周年而拍摄的。
It's been confirmed that Hu Ge who took the leading role of "Li Xiaoyao" will join the cast of the film, while the name of female lead has not yet been revealed.
目前已经得到证实的是，胡歌将会加盟该电影，继续出演主角“李逍遥”，而女主角的扮演者暂时还未透露。
Both the film and the television series are adapted from the Taiwan action role-playing game of the same name which was developed by Softstar Entertainment. The game is considered by many as simply one of the best Chinese RPG's ever created.
无论是电视剧，还是正在拍摄的电影版本，都是改编自台湾大宇公司旗下著名的角色扮演游戏(RPG)《仙剑奇侠传》系列。这款电子游戏也被许多玩家视为中国最棒的角色扮演游戏。
Since its first release in 1995, many new versions and sequels have been created. However, fans say none could replace the breath-taking and tragic tale of the original.
自从1995年游戏第一次面世以来，续集和新版本在之后也接踵而来。但是，对于许多仙剑迷来说，《仙剑1》激动人心又充满悲伤的故事情节是其他任何版本也代替不了的。
The drama and the original game have a large fan base and enjoy great popularity in China, and even elsewhere in Asia.
无论是电视剧版的《仙剑》，还是原作游戏，都不仅仅是在中国有着大量的粉丝且深受欢迎，在亚洲其他地方也是如此。
1.take hard classes
学习有难度的课程
Be passionate about learning.
对学习充满热情
I once had an advisor that said to me when I expressed fear of a difficult class, "Do you want to get an education or not?"
当我表示自己对一门很难的课程十分害怕时，我的指导老师问我：“那你还想不想接受教育呢？”
2.Show Up, Every Time
展示自己，每时每刻
Make your classes your highest priority.
将学习放在最重要的位置
If you've got children, I understand that this isn't always possible. Children should always come first. But if you don't show up for your classes, you're not getting that education we discussed in No. 1.
如果你已经为人父母，我能够理解，这是不太可能的。你会将孩子放在更重要的位置。但是，如果你没有在课堂上展示自己，那么你也就没有做到我们在第一点里讨论的内容。
Make sure you've got a good plan for seeing that your children are cared for when you're scheduled to be in class, and when you need to study. It really is possible to raise children while you're going to school. People do it every day.
当你报名了学习某门课程时并要开始学习时，你要确保自己已经将孩子安顿周全。学习和照顾孩子兼顾是人之常情。每天都有人做着这样的事。
3.Sit in the Front Row
坐在前排
If you happen to be shy, sitting in the front row can be very uncomfortable at first, but I promise you, it's one of the best ways to pay attention to everything being taught. You can hear better. You can see everything on the board without having to crane your neck around the head in front of you.
如果你是一个腼腆的人，那么一开始坐在前排可能会让你有点不自在。但是，我向你保证，这是接受老师传授的内容的最好的办法之一。你也可以听得更清楚。不用伸长脖子，你就可以看到黑板上所有的内容。
You can make eye contact with the professor. Don't underestimate the power of this. If your teacher knows you're really listening and that you care about what you're learning, he or she will be extra willing to help you. Besides, it'll feel like you've got your own private teacher.
你可以和老师有眼神接触。不要小看这一点起到的作用。如果你的老师总是能够知道，你是很认真的在听他讲课，并且很重视学习的话，他可能会对你提供额外的帮助。除此之外，这会使你感觉，自己又多了一位私人教师。
4.Ask Questions
提问
Ask questions immediately if you don't understand something. If you're in the front row and have been making eye contact, your instructor probably already knows by the look on your face that you don't understand something. A polite raising of your hand is all you need to do to indicate you've got a question.
如果你对某个内容不懂，就可以立即提问。如果你坐在前排，并和老师有眼神交流，你的老师就很可能从你的面部表情就能得知，你对某个内容不太明白。你需要举起你的手，表示你有疑问。
If it isn't appropriate to interrupt, make a quick note of your question so you don't forget, and ask later.
如果此时打断老师讲课不太合适，你可以快速记下自己的问题，以免忘记，之后再问老师。
Having said this, don't make a pest of yourself. Nobody wants to hear you ask a question every 10 minutes. If you're completely lost, make an appointment to see your teacher after class.
说到这一点，你要注意的是，不要影响其他的人。没有人想每隔十分钟就听到你提问一次。如果你实在是不懂的话，可以在课后约上老师再讨论。
5.Create a Study Space
创造一个学习空间
Carve out a place at home that is your study space. If you've got a family around you, make sure everyone understands that when you're in that space, you're not to be interrupted unless the house is on fire.
在家里创造一个属于自己的学习空间。如果身边家人都在身边，你就要确保大家都明白你是在里面学习，除非房子着火，他们是不会打扰到你的。
Create a space that helps you make the most of your study time. Do you need absolute quiet or do you prefer to have loud music playing? Do you like working at the kitchen table in the midst of everything or do you a quiet room with the door shut? Know your own style and create the space you need.
创造一个学习空间，来帮助你最大限度地利用好学习时间。你是喜欢绝对的安静，抑或吵闹的音乐呢？你是喜欢在餐桌上办公，还是想关上门创造了一个安静的空间。理解你喜欢的类型，并创造属于自己的空间。
6.Do All the Work, Plus More
完成所有的事，甚至更多
Do your homework. Read the assigned pages, and then some. Plug your topic into the Internet, grab another book at the library, and see what else you can learn about the subject.
完成家庭作业，阅读指定的内容，以及其他的事。在网络上查找关于你的学习主题的内容，在图书馆看看书，再看看还可以学到哪些关于主题的内容。
Turn your work in on time. If extra credit work is offered, do that too.
准时完成你的工作。即使还有额外的任务，也要如此。
I know this takes time, but it'll ensure you really know your stuff. And that's why you're going to school. Right?
我知道，这是需要时间的，但是这会使你更加了解自己所做的事。这也会是你到学校学习的原因，对吧？
7.Make Practice Tests
完成实践测试
While you're studying, pay attention to the material you know will be on a test and write a quick practice question. Start a new document on your laptop and add questions as you think of them.
在你学习的时候，你要留意会考到的内容，并快速写下实践问题。在笔记本电脑上新建一个文件夹，并将你的问题添加进去。
8.Form or Join a Study Group
组建或加入一个学习小组
A lot of people study better with others. If that's you, form a study group in your class or join one that's already organized.
许多人和伙伴一起学习效果会更好。如果你也是这样的话，可以在班上组建一个学习小组，或者加入一个已有的小组。
There are lots of benefits to studying in a group. You have to be organized. You can't procrastinate. You have to really understand something to be able to explain it out loud to someone else.
许多人在学习小组中受益良多。你得有条有理地进行，不能拖延时间。你要将学习的内容彻底消化，并能够向别人复述出来。
9.Use One Planner
制定计划
I don't know about you, but if I had a separate calendar for work, school and life, I'd be a complete mess. When everything in your life is on one calendar, in one planner, you can't double-book anything. You know, like an important test and a dinner with your boss.
我不了解你是什么样的情况，但是如果我根据工作，生活和生活各自准备一个日历，我会手忙脚乱的。如果你生活中所有的事都记在一个日历上，在一个计划中，你就不能重复安排任何事了，就像一个重要的测试或者和老板的晚餐一样。
10.Meditate
冥想
One of the best things you can do to improve your entire life, not just school, is meditate. Fifteen minutes a day is all you need to feel calm, centered and confident.
想要改善自己的生活，而不只是学业，最好的方法之一就是冥想。每天花上十五分钟，静下心来，集中注意力并充满自信。
Meditate any time, but 15 minutes before you study, 15 minutes before class, 15 minutes before a test, and you'll be amazed at how well you can perform as a student.
你可以在任何时候进行冥想，但你可以在学习之前的15分钟，上课前的15分钟，考试前的15分钟进行冥想，你就会自己身为学生的良好表现而感到惊讶了。
Another slowdown in food prices pulled Chinese inflation lower in October, according to the National Bureau of Statistics.
中国国家统计局数据显示，10月份，食品价格的再次放缓拉低了中国的通胀率。
China's consumer price inflation decelerated to just 1.3 per cent year-on-year last month, the slowest rate since May. On a month-to-month basis inflation fell by 0.3 per cent, the first negative reading since May.
10月份，中国居民消费价格总水平(CPI)同比涨幅降至1.3%，为今年5月以来的最低涨幅；环比下降0.3%，为今年5月以来的首次环比下降。
Economists had forecast a 1.5 per cent annual rate, after a 1.6 per cent reading in September. Beijing's inflation target is "around 3 per cent" this year.
9月份CPI录得1.6%的同比涨幅后，经济学家曾预测10月份的同比涨幅为1.5%。中国政府为今年全年设定的通胀目标为“3%左右”。
Low inflation reflects weakening demand and doesn't inspire confidence about the economic shift from manufacturing to consumption, yet at the same time it should allow Beijing to enact stimulus should it seek to support the economy further .
低通胀反映出需求趋弱，不利于人们增强对经济转型（从侧重制造业转向侧重消费）的信心，但另一方面，这种局面为中国政府实施刺激措施留出了空间——假如它希望为经济提供更大支持的话。
The main culprit for the deceleration was food, though food inflation is higher than the overall index. Food prices were up 1.9 per cent in October, down from 2.7 per cent in September and 3.7 per cent in August. Non-food inflation ticked down 0.9 per cent from 1.0 per cent.
CPI涨幅放缓主要是由食品价格导致的，尽管食品价格涨幅仍高于总体涨幅。10月份，食品价格同比上涨1.9%，低于9月份的2.7%和8月份的3.7%。非食品价格涨幅从1.0%降至0.9%。
"Wholesale food prices suggest that pork, vegetable and fruit price inflation all eased last month," said Capital Economics before the figures came out. "
“食品批发价格显示，上月，猪肉、蔬菜和水果的价格上涨都有所放缓，”凯投宏观(Capital Economics)在CPI数据公布前表示。
Meanwhile, producer prices were deflating at a rate of -5.9 per cent, a six-year low, for a third straight month.
另一方面，10月份工业生产者出厂价格(PPI)连续第3个月同比下降5.9%。
The PPI has been negative for 44 consecutive months, reflecting excess supply of housing materials and raw materials, and overcapacity in heavy industry.
PPI已连续下降44个月，反映出建房材料和原料的供应过剩，以及重工业的产能过剩。
China’s trade with the rest of the world fell sharply in October from a year earlier, with imports of raw materials particularly hard hit as slowing Chinese investment feeds through into weaker demand in the world’s biggest trader of goods.
中国与世界其他地区的贸易10月同比大幅下滑，原材料进口受到尤其沉重的打击，中国投资放缓削弱了这个全球最大商品贸易国的需求。
Chinese imports fell 18.8 per cent in October from the same month a year earlier, a slight improvement from the 20.4 per cent year-on-year fall in September. Sharply lower prices of oil and other commodities also helped scythe the bill.
10月中国进口同比下降18.8%，降幅较9月的20.4%略有改善。石油和其他大宗商品价格大幅走低也帮助压低了进口总值。
Exports declined 6.9 per cent in October from a year earlier, deteriorating from the 3.7 per cent fall the previous month as weak global demand and higher Chinese costs led to slumping shipments of the cheap Chinese goods that have flowed to the world in the last decade.
10月中国出口同比下降6.9%，较上月3.7%的降幅有所恶化。疲弱的全球需求和中国成本上涨导致过去10年期间从中国大量流向世界的廉价商品减少。
At the start of the year, the ruling Communist party set a target of 6 per cent growth in trade for this year but total trade has now fallen by just over 8 per cent in the first ten months of 2015 compared with the same period a year earlier.
今年初，执政的共产党设定了今年贸易增长6%的目标，但2015年头十个月的贸易总额同比下降逾8%。
“Soft domestic demand and the decline in commodity prices continued to weigh on China’s import growth,” said Liu Li-gang, an economist at ANZ bank. “Looking ahead, China’s export sector will continue to face significant headwinds.”
“疲软的国内需求和大宗商品价格下跌继续拖累中国的进口增长，”澳新银行(ANZ bank)经济学家刘利刚表示。“展望未来，中国的出口行业仍将面临一些重大不利因素。”
Much of the decline in Chinese imports stems from lower commodity prices, which in turn are a result of falling overall demand from China, long the world’s biggest consumer of materials such as iron ore, coal and copper.
中国进口下降在很大程度上源于大宗商品价格走低，而后者反过来又是中国总体需求下降的结果。中国已经多年是铁矿石、煤炭、铜等材料的世界最大消费国。
Stripping out price, volumes of Chinese imports in October fell a more modest 2.6 per cent from a year earlier, according to estimates from Oxford Economics.
据牛津经济研究院(Oxford Economics)估算，若剔除价格影响，中国10月进口量同比降幅为2.6%。
The fall in demand for industrial bulk commodities was particularly pronounced. Huge oversupply in China’s real estate and manufacturing sectors has damped investment in new capacity in recent months, denting demand for all kinds of raw materials.
对工业大宗商品需求的下降尤为明显。中国房地产和制造业的严重供应过剩在近几个月抑制了对新产能的投资，进而削弱了对各种原材料的需求。
Iron ore imports fell 12.3 per cent by volume in October from the previous month and 4.9 per cent from the same month a year earlier while coal imports were down 21.4 per cent from September and 30.7 per cent from a year earlier, according to Chinese customs data.
根据中国海关的数据，10月铁矿石进口量较上月环比下降12.3%，同比下降4.9%，而煤炭进口环比下降21.4%，同比下降30.7%。
Analysts say headline import figures may start to improve in the coming months since commodity price falls were particularly pronounced at the end of 2014, which will mean smaller year-on-year falls in Chinese imports in value terms.
分析师们表示，未来几个月整体进口数据可能开始好转，因为大宗商品价格下跌在2014年底尤为显著，这将意味着按价值计算的中国进口同比降幅较小。
Meanwhile, exports are expected to continue falling due to the combination of weak global demand and higher prices, as well as China’s decision to effectively re-peg the renminbi to the strengthening dollar.
与此同时，预计出口将继续下降，原因是全球需求疲软而价格上涨，以及中国实际上决定让人民币汇率再度盯住正在走强的美元。
Despite an abortive attempt in August to devalue the renminbi — a move that rocked global markets and was quickly abandoned by Beijing — China’s trade-weighted exchange rate was 8.5 per cent stronger in September than a year earlier, making Chinese exports less competitive.
尽管曾在8月份做出让人民币贬值的不了了之的尝试（此举震撼了全球市场，很快就被北京方面放弃），但9月份中国的贸易加权汇率同比上升8.5%，这意味着中国出口产品的竞争力有所减弱。
“Given the unfavourable reaction to the August depreciation, we think any further depreciation will not take place soon,” said Louis Kuijs, an economist at Oxford Economics based in Hong Kong. “In our view the October trade data keep pressure on [the government] for more domestic easing.”
“考虑到8月贬值行动引发负面反应，我们认为近期不会出台进一步的贬值，”常驻香港的牛津经济研究院经济学家高路易(Louis Kuijs)表示。“我们认为10月的贸易数据将继续（使政府）面临压力，要求其在国内出台更多宽松政策。”
In the first 10 months of the year, Chinese exports to the US were up 5.2 per cent from the same period in 2014, while exports to countries in Asean were up 3.7 per cent, according to Chinese customs figures.
根据中国海关的数据，今年头十个月，中国对美国出口同比增长5.2%，对东盟(Asean)国家出口同比增长3.7%。
Exports to the EU, Japan and Hong Kong — which serves as a transit point for exports to many other parts of the world — fell by 4.1 per cent, 9.5 per cent and 12.2 per cent respectively.
对欧盟、日本和香港（香港是中国向世界其它很多地区出口的一个中转站）出口分别下跌4.1%、9.5%和12.2%。
WASHINGTON: Indiahas trimmed its holdings of US government securities to $77.5 billion at the end of October even as the world's largest economyis expanding at a moderate pace.
华盛顿：到十月份底，印度减持美国政府债券到775亿美元，尽管作为世界上最大经济体的美国的经济在稳步的上升。
Apart from India, other BRICS nations -- Brazil, Russia, China and South Africa -- cut down their holdings of American government securities.
除了印度，其他金砖国家——巴西，俄罗斯，中国和南非——也削减了对美国政府债券的持有。
Latest data from the US Treasury Department shows that India held securitie sworth $80 billion in September and further reduced its exposure to $77.5billion in October -- which is also a three-month low.
美国财政部门最新数据表明印度九月份持有的美国政府债券达到800亿美元，十月份减持美国政府债券到775亿美元——这也是三个月来的最低点。
In August, the holdings were to the tune of $80.4 billion while it stood at $79.7 billion in July.
8月份，印度所持有的美国政府债券为804亿美元，7月份则为797亿美元。
Interestingly, BRICS bloc has reduced their exposure to these securities at a time when America's economic activity is expanding at a moderate rate.
有趣的是，金砖国家减持美国政府债券之时正值美国经济活动缓慢回升之际。
While China remains the largest holder of American government securities, it cut down exposure to USD 1.25 trillion in October.
中国依然是美国政府债券的最大持有人，10月份中国也减持到1.25万亿美元。
During the same period, Braziland Russia slashed their holdings to USD 261.7 billion and USD 108.9 billion,respectively.
同期，巴西和俄罗斯分别减持到2617亿美元和1089亿美元。
In October, South Africa brought down its holdings of US government securities to USD 10.3 billion.
10月份，南非减持美国政府债券到103亿美元。
The United States saw its real GDP increase at an annual rate of 3.9 per cent in the three months ended September,according to official data released last month.
美国的实际GDP在7-9月份内比去年同期增长了3.9%，这是官方上个月发布的数据。
China’s official producer price index rose 1.2 per cent year-on-year in October, according to the National Bureau of Statistics, marking the second straight month of rising prices after 53 months of annualised contraction finally ended in September.
中国国家统计局(NBS)数据显示，今年10月中国工业生产者出厂价格指数(PPI)同比上涨1.2%，这是该指数连续第二个月同比上涨，此前53个月的下跌最终是在今年9月画上句号的。
A median forecast from economists had predicted a 0.9 per cent rise.
经济学家的预期中值为同比上涨0.9%。
That comes in spite of official figures released on Tuesday showing China’s exports had contracted for a second straight month in October, suggesting domestic demand is the main driver of price gains for producers.
周二发布的官方数据显示，中国的出口在今年10月出现了连续第二个月收缩，这表明内需是PPI上涨的主要推动因素。
Month-on-month producer prices rose 0.7 per cent, up from 0.5 per cent in September.
10月份的PPI环比上涨了0.7%，高于9月份0.5%的环比涨幅。
In an explanation released alongside the latest data, the statistics bureau credited ongoing growth in producer prices in part to coal extraction and washing prices, up 15.4 per cent for the period and accelerating 11.3 percentage points from a month earlier.
国家统计局在发布最新数据的同时进行了解读，它将PPI连续上涨部分归因于煤炭开采和洗选业价格同比上涨15.4%，这一涨幅比上月扩大11.3个百分点。
Consumer prices continued to rebound from an August dip, accelerating 0.2 percentage points to 2.1 per cent year on year, bang-on analysts’ median forecast.
居民消费价格指数(CPI)继续从8月份的低点反弹，10月份，CPI同比上涨2.1%，涨幅比上月扩大0.2个百分点，并与分析师的预期中值相符。
Pork prices, which are heavily weighted in the food-focused basket of goods used to calculate consumer inflation, rose 4.8 per cent.
猪肉价格同比上涨4.8%。猪肉在用来计算CPI的以食品为主的一篮子商品中占有较大权重。
Vegetable price growth more than doubled to 13 per cent year on year, helping push food inflation to 3 per cent, up from 2.7 per cent in September.
鲜菜价格同比上涨13%，助推食品价格同比上涨3.7%，涨幅比上月扩大0.5个百分点。
But the statistics bureau attributed the overall rise in CPI chiefly to a base effect resulting from low prices a year prior.
但国家统计局认为，CPI上涨的主要原因是去年同期对比基数相对偏低。
In month-on-month terms, consumer prices fell 0.1 per cent after having risen 0.7 per cent a month earlier.
10月份，CPI环比下降了0.1%，9月份则环比上涨了0.7%。
Growth in the key sectors driving China’s economy softened last month, according to official gauges tracking activity at manufacturing, services and construction businesses.
追踪制造业、服务业和建筑业商务活动的官方指标显示，10月份这几个驱动中国经济的关键行业的增长有所放缓。
The manufacturing purchasing managers’ index published by China’s National Bureau of Statistics slipped to 51.6 in October, coming in below a median forecast of 52 from economists surveyed by Reuters and closer to the 50-point line delineating expansion from contraction.
中国国家统计局发布的10月份制造业采购经理指数(PMI)降至51.6，比路透(Reuters)调查的经济学家给出的预测中值52要低，离荣枯分界线50更近。
The reading represented a fall of 0.4 points from September and a sub-index on output for the gauge, which primarily tracks larger and state-owned enterprises, fell 1.3 points to 53.4. That for new orders dipped 1.9 points to 52.9.
10月份的读数较9月份回落0.8个百分点，其中主要追踪大型国有企业的生产指数回落1.3个百分点，降至53.4。新订单指数回落1.9个百分点，降至52.9。
A sub-index tracking activity at larger enterprises softened 0.7 points to 53.1, while mid-sized companies fell 1.3 points to 49.9, indicating slight contraction. That for smaller manufacturers fell 0.4 points to 49, indicating worsening contraction.
大型企业PMI为53.1，比上月下降0.7个百分点；中型企业PMI为49.8，回落1.3个百分点，意味着进入轻度收缩。小型企业PMI为49，下降0.4个百分点，意味着收缩加剧。
The official non-manufacturing PMI came in at 54.3 in October, down from a recent peak of 55.4 a month prior. A key sub-index for the services sector likewise fell 0.9 points from its September peak to 53.5. Even the construction industry appeared worse off, with a sub-index for the sector dropping 2.6 points to 58.5.
10月份中国非制造业商务活动指数（非制造业PMI）为54.3，低于9月份55.4的近期峰值。其中，服务业商务活动指数为53.5，比9月份的峰值回落0.9个百分点。就连建筑业的形势似乎也有所恶化，商务活动指数为58.5，较9月份回落2.6个百分点。
New residential property prices in China grew faster in October despite a slew of restrictions on purchases,
10月份，尽管中国出台了大量限购措施，中国新建住宅价格增速却仍然加快。
but the rate of growth appeared to slow noticeably in a number of top cities.
不过，多个大城市新建住宅价格增速似乎已显著放缓。
The average price for new residential buildings rose 12.3 per cent in October year on year, according to a weighted average from Reuters based on data from the National Bureau of Statistics.
根据路透社(Reuters)基于中国国家统计局(National Bureau of Statistics)计算得到的加权平均值，10月份中国新建住宅平均价格同比上涨12.3%，
That is up from a rise of 11.2 per cent in September.
超过了9月份11.2%的上涨幅度。
That was a less marked jump than the 3 percentage point rise from August to September, however, suggesting recent curbs to property purchases may be having some effect.
不过，这一增幅低于8月份到9月份3个百分点的增加幅度，意味着近期的房地产限购措施或许产生了一定效果。
That possibility was backed up by a list of top-tier cities the statistics bureau began tracking recently
国家统计局最近开始跟踪研究的大城市的房价数据就支持这种可能性。
Which showed month-on-month prices had fallen – albeit marginally – in Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Xiamen and Zhengzhou during the second half of the month.
该数据显示10月份下半月北京、天津、上海、深圳、厦门和郑州新建住宅价格出现了环比下滑。
Yet when October was taken as a whole, only Shenzhen showed a real month-on-month price fall.
不过，如果把10月份看做一个整体，则只有深圳房价真正出现了环比下滑。
Countrywide, month-on-month prices rose in 62 out of 70 major cities last month, were unchanged in one and fell in seven.
从全国来看，上个月70个主要城市中62个城市的房价环比上涨，1个城市房价不变，还有7个城市出现下跌。
Wuxi, in coastal Jiangsu province, retained the top spot for a second month with growth of 4.9 per cent,
沿海江苏省的无锡市以4.9%的环比涨幅连续第二个月处于首位。
but that was markedly lower than the previous month’s rise of 8.2 per cent.
不过，这一涨幅显著低于此前一个月8.2%的环比涨幅。
In a close second was Changsha, capital of Hunan province, with growth of 4.5.
与无锡接近的涨幅第二的城市是湖南省省会长沙，该市环比涨幅为4.5%。
Price growth in top cities was slower, however, with Beijing, for instance, reporting a rise of only 0.5 per cent from the previous month, compared to 4.9 per cent in September.
不过，最大城市的房价上涨已经放缓，比如北京录得的环比涨幅只有0.5%，大大低于9月份的4.9%。
In year-on-year terms prices rose in 65 cities and fell in five.
同比来看，65个城市的房价同比上涨，5个城市房价同比下跌，
The cities of Hefei and Xiamen once again led the pack with growth of 48.6 per cent and 45.9 per cent, respectively.
合肥市和厦门市分别以48.6%和45.9%的涨幅再次领涨。
But many others cities that have featured prominently in recent months remained relatively undaunted by the new popularity of purchasing curbs, as prices remained substantially elevated from a year earlier.
而相对来说，普遍推出的新限购政策，并未让其他许多最近几个月表现突出的城市受到影响，房价同比依然大幅上涨。
The continued, albeit slower growth in prices tracks with recent data showing real estate investment ticked upward in October and sales had registered barely any negative impact from the new restrictions.
房价尽管缓慢却持续不断地增长与近期数据走势一致，这些数据显示10月份对房地产投资有所增加，新一轮限购对录得的销售几乎没有任何负面影响。
China’s retail sales softened as industrial production and investment held more or less steady in spite of a weaker showing from exports last month.
10月份，中国社会消费品零售总额增长放缓。另一方面，尽管上月出口走弱，中国规模以上工业增加值和全国固定资产投资增长仍大致保持平稳。
Industrial production rose 6.1 per cent year on year in October, according to China’s National Bureau of Statistics, unchanged from September’s level and just below a median forecast from economists of 6.2 per cent.
根据中国国家统计局的数据，10月份中国规模以上工业增加值同比增长6.1%，与9月份的增幅一致，略低于经济学家的预期中值6.2%。
That was in line with last month’s manufacturing PMIs, which showed an uptick in sector activity,
这与上月制造业采购经理人指数(PMI)的表现相一致，PMI显示制造业活动有所扩张。
And despite exports having fallen 7.3 per cent during the same period.
此外，规模以上工业增加值的同比增长，是在同期出口下滑7.3%的背景下取得的。
But retail sales growth softened to 10 per cent in October, betraying economists’ expectations it would hold steady at 10.7 per cent growth from September.
不过，10月份社会消费品零售总额增速放缓至10%，低于经济学家的预期。经济学家曾预期，10月份的增速将与9月份一致，同为10.7%。
That deceleration could prove a spoiler to broader growth if it continues apace, as observers have attributed sustained activity growth among manufacturers to stronger domestic demand.
这种迅速放缓的势头如果延续下去，可能会阻碍更广泛的增长。观察人士认为，制造业企业活动的持续扩张源于国内需求的增长。
Economists had likewise expected year-to-date urban fixed asset investment, a rough proxy for long-term spending, to remain at September’s level of 8.2 per cent year on year growth.
经济学家原本还预计，今年1至10月份全国固定资产投资（不含农户）增长速度会与1至9月份的增长速度8.2%持平。
Instead it ticked upward slightly to 8.3 per cent.
实际上，1至10月份的增速小幅升至8.3%。该指标大致反映了长期支出。
Private investment for the year ended October was up 2.9 per cent, up 0.4 percentage points, while state investment dropped 1.1 percentage points to 20.5 per cent.
今年1至10月份的民间固定资产投资同比增长2.9%，比1至9月份的增速快了0.4个百分点。
That pushed the state share of total investment for the year to date down marginally to 36.6 per cent, still the largest share since 2011 and reflecting the outsize role of government spending in sustaining economic growth during 2016.
国有控股投资增速下滑1.1个百分点至20.5%，这使得国有控股投资在今年1至10月份全国固定资产投资总额中所占的比例小幅下滑至36.6%，但这仍是2011年以来的最高占比之一，反映出今年政府开支在支撑经济增长方面发挥着巨大作用。
重点单词
查看全部解释
announced
[?'naunst]
想一想再看
宣布的
portion
['p?:n]
想一想再看
n. 部分，份，命运，分担的责任
联想记忆
X
单词portion 联想记忆：
port部分+ion→一部分→部分，一般
purchase
['p?:ts]
想一想再看
vt. 买，购买
n. 购买，购买的物品
encourage
[in'k?rid?]
想一想再看
vt. 鼓励，促进，支持
联想记忆
X
单词encourage 联想记忆：
courage（n 勇气）
stable
['steibl]
想一想再看
adj. 稳定的，安定的，可靠的
n. 马厩，
联想记忆
X
单词stable 联想记忆：
st站，立+able→能站的→稳定的
association
[?.s?usi'ein]
想一想再看
n. 联合，结合，交往，协会，社团，联想
联想记忆
X
单词association 联想记忆：
as加强＋soc社会+ion→社团；联合
loan
[l?un]
想一想再看
n. 贷款，借出，债权人
v. 借，供应货款，
pressure
['pre]
想一想再看
n. 压力，压强，压迫
v. 施压
联想记忆
X
单词pressure 联想记忆：
press挤压+ure→压力
previous
['pri:vj?s]
想一想再看
adj. 在 ... 之前，先，前，以前的
联想记忆
X
单词previous 联想记忆：
pne以前+vi路[引申为走]+ous→以前走过的→以前的
ordering
['?:d?ri?]
想一想再看
n. [计]定序；排序；订购 v. 命令；指挥；订购（o
The pace of Japanese production rose at a brisk clip during the month of October, giving policymakers hope - if not more mixed messages - about the strength of the Japanese economy.
10月份，日本生产增长速度突然提升，让决策者对日本经济的实力有了更多希望，或许也可以理解为释放了更多喜忧参半的信号。
Industrial production expanded 1.4 per cent month-on-month in October, the quickest pace since a 4.1 per cent rise in January. It was better than the 1.1 per cent gain in September, but still fell short of economists' expectations for a gain of 1.8 per cent.
10月份，日本工业产出环比增长1.4%，是自1月份出现4.1%的增幅以来增长最快的一次。这一数字高于9月份1.1%的增幅，不过仍低于经济学家1.8%的增长预期。
Despite the solid expansion, the yearly rate weakened to -1.4 per cent last month, from a -0.8 per cent pace in September. Economists expected production to have declined 0.9 per cent over the 12 months to October.
尽管增势坚挺，上个月年增长率还是从9月份的下跌0.8%，滑落至下跌1.4%。经济学家原本预计，在截至10月份的12个月里，日本工业产出下滑幅度为0.9%。
In its decision to not boost its monetary stimulus efforts, the Bank of Japan noted industrial production was one area where the economy was just puttering along. Certainly, there were other parts of the economy, such as the labour market, that were doing much better.
不过，日本央行(BoJ)仍决定不加大货币政策刺激力度。该行指出，工业产出是日本经济疲软的领域之一。当然，就业市场等日本经济的其他领域，表现要好得多。
While both numbers came in below forecast, they show how the BoJ has a tough decision on its hands, with respect to potentially ramping up its quantitative easing programme. The monthly numbers look good, the yearly ones not so much.
尽管两个数字都低于预期，它们还是显示出在加大量化宽松计划力度方面，日本央行正面临艰难的抉择。目前，环比数据看起来还不错，而同比数据则不太好。
Taken alongside data released in the past few days, and it doesn't make things easier. The country is still struggling with deflation and household spending slumped last month. But retail sales data released this morning topped estimates.
如果一并考虑过去几天里公布的数据，情况也不会变得更好。上个月，日本仍在与通缩和家庭开支下滑作斗争。不过，今天早上公布的零售业销售数据超出了人们的估计。
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
outstanding
[aut'st?ndi?]
想一想再看
adj. 突出的，显著的，未支付的
quality
['kw?liti]
想一想再看
n. 品质，特质，才能
adj. 高品质的
extravagant
[iks'tr?v?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 奢侈的，浪费的，过度的，大量的
联想记忆
X
单词extravagant 联想记忆：
extra出+vag走…走过头…奢侈+ant表形容词，“ …的”→奢侈的
accurate
['?kjurit]
想一想再看
adj. 准确的，精确的
联想记忆
X
单词accurate 联想记忆：
ac+cur关心+ate→一再关心，弄精确为止→准确的，精确的
scroll
[skr?ul]
想一想再看
n. 卷轴，目录 v. 卷动
联想记忆
X
单词scroll 联想记忆：
sc＝scene（n 风景），roll（n 卷）－卷着风景的画卷
bent
[bent]
想一想再看
bend的过去式和过去分词 adj. 下定决心的，弯曲的
联想记忆
X
单词bent 联想记忆：
读：奔腾。奔腾的特长就是永远有一颗奔腾的芯。
elegant
['elig?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的，精美的，俊美的
联想记忆
X
单词elegant 联想记忆：
e出，leg腿：露出大白腿………高雅的；但是靠这个优雅也是比较悲哀的一件事
delicate
['delikit]
想一想再看
n. 精美的东西
adj. 精美的，微妙的，美
flimsy
['flimzi]
想一想再看
adj. 易坏的，脆弱的，浅薄的 n. 复写纸，薄纸副本
联想记忆
X
单词flimsy 联想记忆：
原指拍film用的film（n 胶卷）－轻而薄且不牢固的
eccentric
[ik'sentrik]
想一想再看
adj. 古怪的，反常的，不同圆心的
n. 怪
联想记忆
X
单词eccentric 联想记忆：
ec出，centri中心一出中心一古怪的；离心的
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
重点单词
查看全部解释
separate
['sep?reit]
想一想再看
n. 分开，抽印本
adj. 分开的，各自的，
refrigerator
[ri'frid.reit?]
想一想再看
n. 冰箱
联想记忆
X
单词refrigerator 联想记忆：
re再+friger冷+ator→冰箱
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
jar
[d?ɑ:]
想一想再看
n. 不和谐，刺耳声，震动，震惊，广口瓶
vi
联想记忆
X
单词jar 联想记忆：
读：炸－震动
intended
[in'tendid]
想一想再看
adj. 故意的，有意的；打算中的 n. 已订婚者 v.
联想记忆
X
单词intended 联想记忆：
in内+tend伸展+ed→故意的；打算中的
spontaneous
[sp?n'teini?s]
想一想再看
adj. 自发的，自然产生的
联想记忆
X
单词spontaneous 联想记忆：
spont自发+aneous表形容词，表示“…有；…特征的”→自发的
projected
[pr?'d?ektid]
想一想再看
adj. 投影的，投射 v. 投射（project的过去
determine
[di't?:min]
想一想再看
v. 决定，决心，确定，测定
联想记忆
X
单词determine 联想记忆：
de加强动作+termine界限→加强界限→限定；决定
transportation
[.tr?nsp?'tein]
想一想再看
n. 运输，运输系统，运输工具
联想记忆
X
单词transportation 联想记忆：
transport（n /v 运输；狂喜），trans转移，port搬运
tracks
想一想再看
n. 轨道（track的复数）；磁道；轮胎
This post is in partnership with Entrepreneur. The article below was originally published atEntrepreneur.com.
本文为与《创业者》杂志的合作内容。下文最初发表于Entrepreneur.com。
Succeeding as an entrepreneur takes hard work and persistence because, unfortunately, there is no business-startup fairy who magically bestows success on small businesses and their owners.
成功的创业者需要付出努力和毅力，因为非常不幸的是，世上并没有创业小精灵，能够神奇般地将成功赐予小公司和他们的老板。
Most successful entrepreneurs follow comparable patterns and share similar basic characteristics. Hundreds of online articles and published books claim to know the secret of success in business, but for the most part, they boil down to the same major points.
大多数成功的创业者都遵循类似的模式，并且具备类似的基本特质。无数在线文章和图书宣称掌握了商业成功的秘诀，但事实上其中大多数都可以归结为几个相同的要点。
Passion, perseverance and a positive attitude tend to set successful entrepreneurs apart. Cultivating these attributes requires an innate skill set and some tips to get started.
激情、毅力和积极的心态，是创业成功的关键。培养这些特质要有天赋和一些小技巧。
So here are the main items to take into consideration if you’re trying to develop a business platform. These elements constitute will support a smart strategy for any new enterprise:
下面是开发一个商业平台时需要考虑的主要元素。这些元素可以帮助任何新公司制定明智的策略：
1. Love what you do.
1. 热爱自己的事业。
Passion is key to keeping a business strategy moving. Half-heartedness in an entrepreneurial endeavor will chip away at your drive to succeed. Perseverance is the one thing that’s guaranteed to move anything over time, whether it’s a person, a job or an entire company. Abraham Lincoln failed at most of his efforts until late in his life, but he never gave up.
激情是保持公司策略顺利运行的关键所在。在创业过程中三心二意，将让你失去成功的动力。从长远来看，坚持不懈是推动一切事物发展的唯一保证，不论是个人生活、工作还是运营一家公司。直到晚年，亚伯拉罕o林肯的大多数努力都以失败告终，但他从未放弃。
2. Take baby steps.
2. 慢慢来。
Jumping all in is rarely ever successful. There are success stories about people who invested everything once and came out winners after six months or a couple years, but those are rare. Risk management is an essential factor in any startup, and balance is vital. You can absorb losses more easily if you take smaller risks in the beginning. Those will provide essential and productive lessons.
一次投入全部很少能够成功。虽然确实有人倾其所有，在六个月或一两年之后成为赢家，但这只是个案。对于任何初创公司来说，风险管理都是一个重要元素，账目平衡至关重要。如果你在最开始承担的风险更少，你就更容易消化损失。而这些损失将是必不可少的、富有价值的教训。
3. Learn from others.
3. 向他人学习。
Successful entrepreneurs often worked for others in their field of choice before striking out on their own. Spending a few years in the industry under an excellent mentor will provide a good launching pad. Learn from your predecessors’ mistakes and brainstorm about how to improve upon their model. Find someone willing to teach, and think about starting your business elsewhere when you leave.
成功的创业者在自己创业之前，通常都曾在同一领域的其他公司工作过。在业内工作数年时间，并且找一位优秀的导师，将为你的创业成功奠定坚实的基础。从前辈的错误中总结经验教训，思考如何改进他们的模式。找到愿意指导你的人，然后再考虑自立门户。
4. Learn how to self-promote.
4. 学会自我推销。
Confidence and a good elevator speech can take any pitch to the next level. The first marketing any company experiences comes from its founder. Spend time learning how to share your vision without coming across as “salesy.” Don’t be afraid to ask for the sale, but remember: the client is always the focus.
自信和出色的“电梯演说”可以提高推销的水平。任何一家公司最早的市场营销经验都来自它的创始人。因此，花时间学习如何分享你的愿景，但不要给人留下“你只是想卖东西”的印象。不要害怕寻求销售机会，但你应该牢牢记住：永远以客户为中心。
5. Constantly take action.
5. 持续行动
Entrepreneurs are movers and shakers. They can’t afford to analyze every detail or they’d never get anywhere. There is no place for procrastination in a startup. It’s a 24/7, no-vacation-or-sick-days kind of job that demands constant forward momentum. Make a brief assessment at every step and move on it. Trust your instincts.
创业者都是行动者和颠覆者。他们不能去分析每一个细节，否则他们将寸步难行。初创公司没有拖延的资本。创业是一个全天候、无休假的职业，创业者必须具备持久不变的前进动力。迈出每一步的时候进行简单的评估，然后继续前进。相信自己的直觉。
6. Make a plan.
6. 制定计划。
Read about successful businesses. Take in the wealth of knowledge that’s been provided by successful entrepreneurs such as Steve Jobs and the personalities from Shark Tank. A successful business plan does not have to be a book. A 10-page plan is digestible yet long enough to include everything you need to start.
阅读成功的商业案例。吸收史蒂夫o乔布斯等成功创业者以及《创智赢家》（Shark Tank）提供的知识财富。一份成功的商业计划书不需要长篇累牍。10页纸的商业计划书既便于理解，又足以包含你要开始实施的所有内容。
7. Build a reputation.
7. 建立声誉。
According to Brandi Bennett at HostGator.com,maintaining a blog on a well-hosted website, or volunteering your time and skills, shows instead of tells the community, and thereby builds expertise and trust.
主机运营商HostGator.com公司的布兰迪o班奈特认为，在一家可靠的网站上坚持写博客，或者做一名志愿者，贡献出你的时间和技能。不要去告诉别人你是谁，而应该通过实际行动去展示你自己，这样做可以积累专业知识以及个人信誉。
8. It’s never too late to start.
8. 不论何时开始都不算晚。
Many successful entrepreneurs started later in life. J. K. Rowling (Harry Potter author), Julia Child (chef), and Sam Walton (Wal-Mart) all started their wildly successful brands after they were comfortably along in their lives. Having the experience that comes with age can give you a unique outlook on your business. Life experiences bring depth that the most educated young adult, by his or her nature, is less able to foresee.
许多成功的创业者都是在中年之后才开始创业。《哈利波特》的作者JoKo罗琳、大厨茱莉亚o查尔德和沃尔玛超市创始人山姆o沃尔顿，都是在经过多年的舒适生活之后，才创建了自己的品牌，并大获成功。随着年龄增长，经验更加丰富，你会对自己的事业产生一种独特的看法。生活经验所带来的睿智，是大多数受过教育的年轻人难以预见的。
9. Build your “A team”.
9. 组建自己的“一流团队”。
Finding the skill sets and attitudes that support the culture of the brand you want to promote will foster innovation and enhance your reputation. Include folks from outside the company for the people you rely on. That will start a free marketing chain reaction that can build confidence and revenue.
根据你希望推广的品牌文化，寻找能够为其提供支持的技能和态度，可以促进公司的创新，增强公司的信誉。从外部寻找帮手，帮助你的团队进步。 这将开启一个免费的营销连锁反应，为你树立自信并增加收入。
10. Be mindful of your attitude.
10. 注意自己的心态。
The attitude of the founder will set the tone for the business. Negativity, laziness and entitlement waste time and money while they tarnish your reputation. Success largely depends on making mistakes and accepting blame in stride. Owning up to and facing challenges head-on is what makes a mere business owner a leader.
创始人的心态将为公司定下基调。消极、懒惰和理所应当的心态，不仅浪费时间和金钱，还会损害你的信誉。成功很大程度上取决于能否在犯错后从容地接受批评。直面挑战可以让一位普通的公司老板变成真正的领导者。
Starting a business can wreak havoc on the owner’s personal life. While all the above tips are necessary for success, taking care of yourself mentally and physically is also imperative. Exercise, sleep and diet play a central role in ensuring you implement these policies successfully. All of them drive attitude, motivation and relationships.
创业会对创业者的个人生活造成严重影响。虽然上面的建议对创业成功至关重要，但从精神和身体上照顾好自己同样是必要的。锻炼、睡眠和饮食是确保你成功执行这些策略的关键要素。这些要素能够帮助你调整心态，获得动力，拓展人际关系。
Successful CEOs tend to follow a structured, daily schedule of rising early, exercising, having snacks on hand for fuel and socializing many evenings of the week.
成功的CEO都保持着都极有规律的生活，他们每天早起，锻炼身体，身边会放一些点心补充能量，每周拿出几个晚上进行社交。
Striking a balance may take a while, but working toward this list as a goal for starting your company will make the difference. How an owner feels about progress and how quickly a business can be up and running — and feeding that bottom line — will swiftly feel the impact.
你或许要很长时间才能实现工作与生活的平衡，但努力遵守这个清单，并将其作为创业的目标，将会产生不一样的效果。创业者如何看待所取得的进步？以及一家公司多快才能实现正常运营和实现收支平衡？遵循这些建议，你很快就能找到答案。
Chances are if you are lucky enough to have a job, the thought of quitting sounds ridiculous. With the unemployment rate at an all time high, most people are thanking their lucky stars to be employed.
如果你有幸拥有一份工作，那么想要辞掉这份工作的想法听起来是荒唐的。在失业率大多数有史以来的最高的今天，大多数人正在因为被聘用而感谢他们的幸运星。
But even in a bad economy some jobs are just not worth it. Are there any telltale signs you should be looking for when trying to decide if you throw in the towel? Here are ten signs to look for to determine if it's time to find a new job:
但是即使在一些糟糕的经济环境下，一些岗位并不是值得一做的。当你在决定是否要放弃的时候，你是不是应该寻找一些迹象呢？这里有10种信号告诉你是否该找一份新的工作呢：
1.You Aren't Learning Anything New
Yes, you want to know how to do most of your job. But there are also things you want to be learning; otherwise you are not growing professionally. If you have stopped learning at work, it's time to find a job where you will learn new skills and grow professionally.
你没有学到新的东西
是的，你想知道怎么去做好你的工作。但是仍然有一些你想要学的东西；否则，你就没有职业发展。如果你在工作中不能学到新的东西，那么已经是时候去找一个能够学到新知识并且有职业发展的工作了。
2.You Never Have a Day When You Wake Up Excited To Go To Work
If you wake up every morning Monday through Friday and never feel excited to go to work, that is a problem. It means you aren't enjoying your job and it is diminishing your quality of life. If you wake up every day and dread going to work, it's time to consider quitting your job.
你从来没有一醒来就能积极地工作
如果你每周的周一到周五没有一天早晨醒来感到一种想要去工作的兴奋，那么这就是一个问题了。那意味着你没有能够享受你的工作并且你的工作正在破坏你的生活质量。如果你每天醒来，恐惧去上班，那么是时候辞掉你的工作了
201103/129769.shtml
3.You Spend More Time Surfing the Web Than Doing Your Job
When you are at work, you are supposed to be productive. Otherwise, it's a waste of your time and the company's money. If you are bored and surfing the web most of your work day, you may want to think about looking into job options where you'll get more stimulation and responsibilities.
你花在上网上的时间多于你工作的时间
当你在工作的时候，你的效率应该是很高的。不然的话，那就是在浪费你自己的时间和公司的财富。如果你很厌倦，一天当中大多数时间是在浏览网页，你可能是想要寻找其他的能够激励你的工作机会了。
4.You Don't Like Most of Your Coworkers
There are always one or two coworkers in the office that most people can't stand. But if you don't like most of your coworkers, chances are your days aren't very enjoyable because you have to work with them day in and day out. If you can't stand most of your coworkers, it's time to think about finding a company whose employees you mesh with better.
和你共事的多数同事你都不喜欢
办公室总有一两个让人让大多数人都无法容忍的人，但是如果你不喜欢大多数的同事，那么你的工作就会变得不愉快因为你不得不整天和他们在一起工作。如果你再也不能容忍他们，试试找一个你能够和里面的职员和平相处的公司了。
5.You Aren't Making Enough Money to Pay Your Bills
If you are working your butt off and not getting paid enough to pay your bills, you might be overqualified and underpaid for your position. Go find a job that pays what you deserve.
你没有赚到足够多的钱来支付日常开销
如果你拼命工作还是入不敷出，你可能没的得到与你自身价值相符的酬劳。去找一份能够给你应有报酬的工作吧。
6.You Spend Time Looking For Other Jobs
If you are spending time looking for other jobs while you are on the clock, it's obvious you want to leave your job. So keep looking for new jobs and as soon as you find a good one, take it and run.
你正在寻找其他工作
如果你在工作时间去寻找其他的工作岗位，很明显，你想要辞掉你的工作。去找一份新工作吧，如果找到，就换吧。
201103/129769.shtml
7.You Haven't Gotten a Raise in the Last Two Years
If you work hard and benefit the company you work for, you deserve to be rewarded for that. If your boss hasn't given you a raise in the last two years, ask for one. If he or she says no, get out now.
最近两年你都没有涨薪水
如果你很卖命的工作并且给公司创造了价值，你本应该得到酬谢。如果你的老板在两年之内没有给你涨薪水，去申请吧。如果老板不同意，还考虑什么，走吧。
8.Your Boss Sucks
Sometimes bosses suck. But if your boss sucks all the time and takes advantage of your time, it's time to find a new job.
你的老板很差
有的时候，老板挺糟糕的。但如果你觉得你的老板一直很差劲，占用了你的时间，是的，你该去找一份新的工作了。
9.The Company Isn't Doing Well
This sign varies from company to company. You must keep in mind that we are in a recession and if sales are down but the company isn't in jeopardy, this sign may not apply to you. However, if business is down to the point where it looks like the company is going to go under, start looking for a new job NOW! (See also: 20 Signs that a Pink Slip is Coming)
公司的运营情况不好。
这种迹象各个公司是不同的。你一定要记住，如果公司的业绩在下降，销售额在减少，但还没到危险的地步，这种信号可能不适用与你。然而，如果你的公司看起来就要破产啦，那么请赶快开始找一份新工作吧。
10.You are Stressed All the Time
You are supposed to enjoy life, not be stressed out all the time. If you spend most of your days stressed about everything that going on at work, you are not at the right job.
你一直感到压力很大
你本应该享受生活，不该时时刻刻感到压力。如果你的大部分时间都在为工作的是感到压力很大，说明你没有得到一份好的工作。
201103/129769.shtmlEveryone tells a white lie on occasion, it’s just a question of why. Some white lies save relationships, some ease a hectic situation, and others buy us time. We all do it, so there is no reason to deny it. As long as we aren’t hurting others or breaking the law, these innocent lies can make life more pleasant. Most of these white lies only stretch aninterpretation of what the truth actually is anyways. Here’s a list of the 10most common white lies and why we tell them.
我们每个人都会说些善意的谎言，这毫无疑问，问题在于为什么我们要这么做。有些善意的谎言可以挽救我们的关系，有些可以缓解忙碌的处境，还有些可以为我们赢得时间。我们每个人都在说善意的谎言，我们没有理由去否定这个事实。只要不会伤害到其他人，不会触犯法律，这些善意的谎言是会让我们的生活更美好的。大多数善意的谎言都是我们对于真相的另一种延伸的阐释。
1.It wasn’t me! – Because some things just aren’t worth taking credit for。
谎言1：不是我！说谎原因：有些事情不值得我们去邀功。
2.Yeah, I’ll start working on that ASAP! – Because telling you I have 10 things to do first would just irritate you。
谎言2：好的，我会尽快开工的！说谎原因：如果我告诉你在做你要求的这件事之前，我还有10件事要做的话，你肯定会抓狂的。
3.Oh, yeah. That makes sense. – Because option B involves admitting that I am clueless。
谎言3：是的，这挺有道理的。说谎原因：方案二会让我显得毫无头绪。
4.Thank you so much! I just love it! – Because telling someone that their gift sucked would make me look like an insensitive jerk。
谎言4：太感谢了！我很喜欢！说谎原因：告诉别人他们送的礼物一团糟会让我看起来像是冷血的混蛋。
5.ah, you look great in that dress. – Because it’s better than being slapped。
谎言5：你穿这条裙子真好看。说谎原因：总比说真话被别人扇耳光要好吧。
6.I’m 29. – Because 29 is like 20 years younger than 30.
谎言6：我29岁。说谎原因：29岁听起来比30岁要年轻多了。
7.Yes, John was with me last night. – Because that’s what friends do… we agree and ask questions later。
谎言7：没错，约翰昨晚是和我在一起。说谎原因：这就是朋友该做的事。等下我们两个还要通通气，以免穿帮。
8.My resume is 5 pages long for a good reason. – Because I’m darn good at bullshittin’!
谎言8：我写了5页的简历，那是因为我足够好。说谎原因：我就是个不折不扣的话唠！
9.Yeah, I was a badass on my high school football team! – Because I want to be seen by others in an even stronger light than I see myself。
谎言9：对，我在高中足球队里就是个捣蛋鬼！说谎原因：我想让自己在别人的眼里更加闪亮。
10.I thought I already sent that email out. I’m sure I did. – Because telling you that it was a low priority and I forgot would probably hurt our relationship。
谎言10：我以为我早就把邮件发出去了。我真的发过了。说谎原因：如果告诉你我觉得这事不重要，我把这事忘了，就会伤害到我俩的关系了。
Were you late to work yesterday because you couldn't remember where you put your car keys? Did you completely forget about a coffee date last week with a friend and only remember when you got a text asking, "where are you?" Can you no longer remember the name of your favorite elementary school teacher? Memory problems impact just about everyone to a certain degree, but science suggests you might be able to improve your memory, as well as reduce the likelihood of Alzheimer's and dementia, by engaging in certain activities, eating specific foods, and using certain mnemonic devices.
有时，你会不会因为忘记把车钥匙放哪而上班迟到？或者是完全忘记和朋友喝咖啡的约定，结果收到朋友问你在哪里的短信才突然想起和朋友有约？抑或是早就不记得小学的时候那位你最喜欢的老师的名字了？记忆问题几乎困扰着每一个人，只是程度不同而已，但是科学家认为，或许你可以通过进行一些特定的活动、食用一些特定的食物或者采用一些特定的记忆方法来提高自己的记忆力，并且降低患阿尔茨海默症和痴呆的风险。
People with near-perfect memories actually exist, and they have something called an "eidetic memory," which means they can recall a remarkable amount of information from their past experiences. Interestingly, many people assume having an eidetic memory means having a "perfect" memory, but even these superhuman memory machines can have some trouble recalling absolutely every detail with crystal clear accuracy. However, that doesn't mean you can't emulate these memory superstars and improve your own memory and protect yourself against age-related diseases and maladies.
确实有人有近乎完美的记性，可以从过去经历中检索出大量信息。只是，即使很多人认为这样的记忆已经很完美，他们有的时候也不能准确清晰地记起一些特定的细节。虽然真正完美的记忆并不存在，但你还是可以拥有近乎完美的记忆力，超越这些记忆达人，去抵抗岁月给你带来的疾病和健忘。
Some scientists believe people with excellent recall and the ability to remember everything use a special mental filing system to keeping things organized in their memories. Mental tricks are also used by magicians to wow audiences with seemingly impossible feats of memory. But do you need to know special tricks or have an eidetic memory to remember everything? If you're worried you've forgotten more in life than you ever knew, don't worry. Science has you covered! Check out these 10 scientific secrets to a perfect memory.
有些科学家认为，那些记忆力超群的人其实是采用了一种特殊的“归档法”来使自己记忆的东西变得有条理。有的时候，魔术师们也会用上一些需要超高记忆能力的心理欺骗术使观众连连惊叹。但是你如果你只是担心自己会忘记日常生活中的一些小事情，其实并不需要用到心理欺骗术这么高端的东西啦！一些科学小方法就可以帮助你实现这个目标。以下就是10个提高记忆能力的方法，你记得住吗？
10. Drawing Words Helps Your Brain Recall Them
10. 把单词画出来！
The "Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology" published a study in early 2016 entitled, "The drawing effect: Evidence for reliable and robust memory benefits in free recall." While the title seems a bit long and complex, the study actually demonstrated a very simple idea. Drawing words in picture form helps people make better and stronger memories. The authors of the study created simple tasks where a participant would first draw a simple word, like a common piece of fruit. Later, the authors of the study would ask the participants to recall the words they drew. Other participants in the study were given different tasks like repeating the given word aloud a certain number of times or actually writing the word down. The researchers found that participants who drew doodles of the words they needed to recall fared much better than other participants.
2016年上半年，《实验心理学》期刊刊登了一项研究，题为“绘画效应：帮你在无障碍回忆的过程中构筑可靠强大的记忆力”。虽然这篇文章的题目看起来有点长、有点复杂，但是它证明的观点其实很简单，即把单词画出来的记忆方式能够建立更为优质牢固的记忆。研究的主持人进行了一个简单任务实验，在实验中，一位参与者要求画出简单的单词，比如常见的水果，接着，他被要求回忆自己画的是些什么单词。另一些参与者被要求重复朗读给出的单词。
Anyone who doesn't feel they can tap into their inner-Picasso to create amazing drawings needn't worry. The study demonstrated that it wasn't the quality of the doodles and drawings that helped participants recall given words. Drawing a simple outline of a banana offered just as much benefit to the memory as a perfectly drawn piece of fruit. Additionally, the study found that participants only needed to spend a few seconds on their drawing to receive a significant boost to their ability to recall the word. The researchers plan to take their research a step further in the future by introducing more complex words and ideas and measuring the memory success of participants asked to recall those intricate thoughts.
结果发现，被要求画出单词的参与者能够更准确地记起这些单词。而且画本身的质量并不会对记忆效果有什么影响，帮助记忆的仅仅是“画画”这个动作。对于香蕉，画一个大概的轮廓和详细的画出每个细节，产生的作用是一样的。参与者们即使只是花上几秒来画画，也能在记忆结果上有显著提高。研究人员还计划进一步地引进更复杂的单词甚至观点表述来观察参与者记忆表述的准确度。
9. Putting Yourself in Someone Else's Shoes Improves Memory
9. 设身处地也能提高记忆力
A study published in the journal "Clinical Psychological Science" in 2012 showcased the power of self-imagination, which showed the technique could help people with impaired memories, as well as individuals with no memory problems. As with other studies of human memory, the scientists asked participants to remember a list of words related to certain personality traits. The participants were then asked to use a specific strategy to help them recall the words. For example, some participants were asked to remember one personality trait by thinking of a second word that rhymed with the trait. Other participants were asked to remember the definition of the trait while others were asked to engage in "self-referential processing" where they would think about the trait in a personal, self-reflective way.
《临床心理学》在2012年刊登的一篇研究文章中凸显了设身处地的作用。不管当事人有没有记忆方面的问题，这个方法都能够提高他们的提高记忆能力。和其他针对人类记忆的研究一样，科学家们要求参与者们记忆一个关于人格特点的单词表。参与者被要求使用特定的、能够帮助他们回忆的方法。比如有些参与者用谐音记忆，有些联想这个特征的定义，有一些则用“设身处地法”，把自己想象成那么一个人。
The study participants asked to imagine acting out the trait, which is a method of self-imagining, were most successful in remembering the personality traits when questioned about them later. In fact, study participants who engaged in self-imagining were three times as likely to successfully remember a personality trait than participants who didn't use any type of memory device or method. The scientists in charge of the study believe that self-imagining could help individuals in rehabilitation programs, as well as anyone with a memory impairment. However, it's likely that the technique could help just about everyone, even if he or she wasn't currently in a rehabilitation program or diagnosed with memory problems. For example, if you wanted to remember where a friend bought a pair of shoes, you might imagine yourself walking into that store to buy the shoes.
结果那些要求进行设身处地和角色扮演的人在随后的提问环节表现最好。准确地说，这些运用设身处地法进行记忆的人记单词的效率是使用其他记忆方式的人的三倍。虽然主持这项实验的科学家们研究的是设身处地法对患有记忆力损伤的人恢复记忆的影响，但无论人们有没有记忆损伤，皆可能受益于此。如果你想记住朋友在哪买了一双鞋子，不妨就试着想象走进店里买鞋的是自己。
8. Experienced Better Cognitive Performance With Bare Feet
8. 赤脚能够提高记忆力
A fascinating study from researchers at the University of North Florida reveals that running barefoot may actually improve your memory more than running with shoes. While most memory studies seem to take place in a laboratory or room where everyone sits at a table, this experiment definitely introduced an interesting idea to the search for a better memory. The experiment focused on something called "working memory," which is the human ability to process information and recall details throughout life. The scientists published the results of their study in "Perceptual and Motor Skills," and found that running barefoot resulted in a not-insignificant memory boost when compared with memory performance after running with shoes. The researchers found that tossing your shoes off and running for about 16 minutes at a comfortable pace could result in a 16% improvement in working memory performance.
北弗罗里达大学的一个有趣的实验证明光脚跑步比穿鞋跑步更能提高记忆力。和那些在实验室和室内坐在桌子边进行的试验不同，在这个实验中，研究人员们引入了一些有趣的观点来探索提高记忆力的奥秘。实验的研究对象为“工作记忆”，即人们加工信息和回顾生活细节的能力。科学家们发现，光脚跑步比起穿鞋跑步来说，可以对记忆力产生轻微的提高。在试验中，年龄为18-44周岁的参与者们被要求跑两轮，一次穿鞋，一次不穿鞋。
Participants in the study were between the ages of 18 and 44 and were asked to run twice – with and without shoes. After completing their quick runs, researchers found that the heart rate and overall run speed of each participant had no effect on memory, but the presence of shoes or bare feet did. The researchers have hypothesized that the need to engage the mind while running barefoot to avoid pebbles or other impediments could have a positive impact on a person's ability to remember things. If you're an adventurous person, you might try taking a barefoot jog around the block before your next test or before you need to remember something important.
经对比，科学家们发现，快跑之后心率变化和整体的跑步速度对记忆结果没有影响，但是穿不穿鞋却有影响。具体地说，脱下鞋慢跑16分钟就能够让“流水记忆”能力提高16%。这一研究结果后被发表在了《知觉与运动技能》一书上。科学家们推断 ，可能是因为不穿鞋跑步的时候，人们需要时刻担心石头或者其他障碍物，这个过程对记忆能力的提高产生了正面的影响。如果你是一个冒险主义者，也许在下次考试或者需要记忆什么重要事项之前可以试着在小区光着脚慢跑试试。
7. Pumping Iron Could Enhance Long-Term Memory
7. 举重训练可以帮助提高长期记忆力
The theory that exercise boosts your intelligence might have some basis in fact according to a study conducted at Georgia Tech. Even if you don't like lifting weights, and the inside of a gym makes you want to run for the nearest doughnut shop, it might take just 20 minutes to enhance your memory, according to the 2014 study. Researchers asked participants to work out for 20 minutes in an intense manner and found that just 20 minutes of activity could help improve "episodic memory" by as much as 10% in young adults.
根据乔治亚工学院2014年的一项研究，运动确实可以开发智力，即使你不喜欢举重训练或者不喜欢健身馆的环境，想改用吃坚果的方式提高记忆力，通过锻炼提高记忆力其实只需要20分钟。在这项实验中，研究人员要求参与者进行20分钟的高强度训练，他们发现，仅仅20分钟就可以让年轻人的“事件记忆”能力（也叫长期记忆力）提高10%。
Episodic memory is also known as long-term memory, and the researchers approached the study of exercise in a different manner than previous studies. Other studies examined the impact of aerobic exercise conducted over many months, but this study simply asked participants to lift weights a single time. During the test, half of the participants were asked to use a weight machine before recalling a series of images they were shown at the start of the test. The other half of the participants were also asked to recall the images but without having engaged in any strenuous activity before the recall session. In demonstrating the memory improvement for the participants who engaged in just a single session of weight lifting, the researchers were able to show that improving one's memory through exercise didn't take hours of dedication in the gym. The next time you have the opportunity to lift weights or someone tries to convince you to join the gym you might just want to take him or her up on the offer.
在实验中，参与者们被要求回忆一些他们在实验开始的时候看到的图片，其中，一半参与者在回忆之前进行了举重训练，另一半参与者没有进行这样的高强度活动。他们发现，参与了举重训练的人在记忆能力上有所提高。这项研究实现了运动研究上的独辟蹊径，其他研究的研究对象多是对有氧运动本身，研究时间跨度长达数，但是这项研究的研究对象却是人类记忆，在研究时也仅仅是要求参与者们花一点时间举重而已。研究人员证明了其实提升记忆力并不需要数个小时的锻炼。下次再有谁让你去举重或者去健身馆锻炼的话，你大概会想感谢他一番的吧？
6. Cutting Down on Saturated Fats Could Preserve Your Memory
6. 减少饱和脂肪摄入可以帮助保持记忆力
A study cited in an article from Harvard University suggests your diet could have a significant impact on your memory as you age. Scientists at Brigham and Women's Hospital published a study within the "Annals of Neurology" that suggested women who ate high levels of saturated fat in foods like red meat and butter didn't perform as well on memory tests than women who regularly consumed less saturated fat. Researchers haven't yet discovered the connection between saturated fat and memory, but they hypothesize it could have something to do with a person's genes. Scientists and doctors have long recommended that patients work to control their cholesterol levels as they age to protect the memory during the aging process.
哈佛大学的一项研究证明，随着年龄增长，饮食可能会对你的记忆力有重要的影响。妇女医院的科学家们在《神经病学记事》发表的研究报告指出，食用含有大量饱和脂肪酸的食物（如红肉和黄油）的女性比正常饮食的女性记性更差。虽然研究人员暂时没有发现记忆力和饱和脂肪之间的确切联系，但是他们猜测饱和脂肪酸也许对基因有那么些影响。
The Harvard article suggests that protecting the brain with a heart-healthy diet could be the key to warding off dementia and keeping your memory intact well into your golden years. Some studies have suggested certain foods have a positive impact on memory, but no study thus far has revealed the existence of a miracle food. The idea that a heart-healthy diet could also prove beneficial to the brain and memory has become popular with doctors studying Alzheimer's disease and dementia. Some of the risk factors associated with heart disease are similar to those associated with dementia and Alzheimer's. Foods recommended for a heart-healthy diet include fruits, vegetables, and whole-grain bread, as well as beans, nuts, and olive oil. If you can't use every one of these 10 scientific secrets to a perfect memory, a healthy diet might help you avoid losing it!
这篇文章指出，食用有益于心脏的食物是防止痴呆、保护记忆力的关键。一些心脏病的并发症和阿尔茨海默症以及痴呆症的并发症十分相似，因此研究阿尔茨海默症和痴呆症的教授们认为，有益于心脏的食物大概也有益于大脑和记忆。水果、蔬菜、全麦面包、豆子、坚果和橄榄油都有对心脏有益。如果这10个方法你不能都采用的话，一个健康的饮食至少能让你不要丢失记性。
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
重点单词
查看全部解释
posture
['p?st]
想一想再看
n. 姿势，态度，情形
vt. 作 ... 姿
联想记忆
X
单词posture 联想记忆：
源于pose摆姿势
traditional
[tr?'din?l]
想一想再看
adj. 传统的
slouch
[slaut?]
想一想再看
n. 没精打采的样子，耷拉，笨人 v. 没精打采地站，坐
联想记忆
X
单词slouch 联想记忆：
源于：sloth（n （对工作）懒惰）slou＝slow，ch吃：吃得慢－无精打采的样子
movement
['mu:vm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 活动，运动，移动，[音]乐章
联想记忆
X
单词movement 联想记忆：
move动+ment表名词,“行为或结果”→运动
graceful
['greisf?l]
想一想再看
adj. 优雅的
awkward
['?:kw?d]
想一想再看
adj. 笨拙的，尴尬的，（设计）别扭的
consistently
[k?n'sist?ntli]
想一想再看
adj. 一致的，始终如一的
consult
[k?n's?lt]
想一想再看
v. 商讨，向 ... 请教，查阅
range
[reind?]
想一想再看
n. 范围，行列，射程，山脉，一系列
v. 排
poised
[p?izd]
想一想再看
adj. 泰然自若的，镇定的；摆好姿势不动的，静止的；平
You think you're so smooth – the James Bond of covert job searching. Where he used wrist-mounted dart guns and camera-implanted rings, you have deceptive "dentist appointments" and a conveniently angled computer monitor to conceal secret résumé tweaking. Unfortunately, while you smugly sip a shaken martini – uh, iced coffee – you may not realize that your cover was blown. Your boss is onto you, and it's no wonder。
你是不是觉得你游刃有余，悄悄找工作的能力简直就是职场届的詹姆斯邦德。只需利用手腕上的内置摄像头戒指便可造出一份伪造的牙医预约，并摆好电脑屏幕偷偷修改你的简历。当你沾沾自喜喝着搅匀的马蒂，或是冰咖啡时，候殊不知你的遮羞布已经被掀掉啦。你的老板当然得找你“喝茶”。
Below are 10 clues you left that basically scream: "I am job searching!"
以下十条就是你找工作时可能露出的“马脚”
1. You became a LinkedIn superstar overnight。
1.你一夜之间成了领英平台的香饽饽。
If managers suspect you're looking elsewhere, your LinkedIn profile is often the first place they'll snoop, says Jenny Foss, founder of the career blog JobJenny.com and author of "Ridiculously Awesome Job Search Kit." "It's where a lot of people tend to get busted," she adds。
如果经理们怀疑你在到处找工作。最先肯定窥探你在领英上面的个人资料。Jenny Foss如是说，她是职业博客JobJenny.com的博主，也是“找工作神器”这本书的作者。这是一个很多人想被被人搜索的平台，Foss补充道。
A robust LinkedIn presence is crucial to any job search. You know that. Your manager knows that. And your manager probably knows that you know that – so she'll be concerned when you go from having a bare-bones profile on Monday to one jacked with additional work history, new connections, status updates and recommendations by Friday. "Don't go from zero to 500 overnight, because that can be quite obvious," Foss cautions。
在领英平台上高频出现是找工作的关键。你知道这点，你们经理也知道这点。你的经理兴许还知道你知道这点。所以她会从开始关注周一你的个人简介只是有个大概框架，到周五你增加了工作经历，新人脉，状态更新，推荐信慢慢被顶起，别一夜之间从0涨到500那样太明显了Foss提醒道。
Foss also points out that recommendations from others are time-stamped, so it looks fishy to have five new accolades on your profile, all written within the same week. "They don't look like they're coming organically," she says. "It looks like you're out shaking the bushes, trying to get people to say nice things about you."
Foss 还指出别人的推荐信有时间标记。如果你一周之内有五个新的赞那样看起来会很可疑，这些赞不像是真心的，好像你在刷好评，让别人说你好。
No, this doesn't mean you should abandon your LinkedIn profile for fear of a suspicious boss. But it does mean you should be more careful. For one, turn off your activity broadcasts so that every savvy move you make isn't announced to your entire network. Here's how: From the homepage, hover over your photo in the top right corner, and click on "Privacy & Settings." From this page, click "Turn on/off your activity broadcasts."
当然这也并不是说，你害怕老板起疑心，就要放弃你在领英上面的简介。但是告诉你，得小心点。其中一点是关掉你的活动广播这样你每一次策略性的行动就不会被所有网民发现，下面教你怎么做，在主页面，光标停在右上角，点击个性设置，在个性设置里面点击活动广播。
If the timing of your job search allows, Foss recommends beefing up your LinkedIn profile gradually (and thus inconspicuously). Or better yet, work on it when you're not job searching。
如果时间允许的话，Fossil建议逐步完善你在领英上面的简介(这样可以不会太明显)或者最好的是你还没找工作的时候就完善它。
2. You've suddenly become a Twitter thought leader。
2.你突然变成Twitter上面思想领军人物。
Similar to quick LinkedIn overhauling, Foss says employers will likely notice if you abruptly go from tweeting cat GIFs and "Game of Thrones" spoilers to posting thoughtful, industry-focused content and participating in job-search Twitter chats. These are generally good moves for your job search, but bad ones for keeping it under wraps, so again, take it slow。
就像在领英上面快速的翻新简介一样，Foss说雇主们可能也会关注你突然一下子从推送小猫的GIF图和权力的游戏的剧透到推送一些具有思考意义的产业专注内容，参加Twitter上面找工作聊天。这些举动对你找工作当然有帮助，但是无益于找工作的隐秘性，所以还是要强调一下，慢慢来。
3. Your boss received your résumé from a contact of a contact。
3.你老板从他认识的人那收到了你认识的人给的简历。
You're networking – yes! But you're networking so thoroughly within your industry that word gets back to your boss. "The world is small," says Andrea Kay, career consultant and author of "This Is How To Get Your Next Job," so this kind of thing does happen. When sharing your résumé and other job-search materials with new and old professional contacts, explicitly state that your hunt is confidential, Foss says。
你是有人脉，是的没错。但是你是在你的业界彻底地撒下关系网这样你说的话又传到你老板耳朵里了。这个世界太小了Andrea Kay说。他是一位职业顾客也是《如何获得下一份工作》这本书的作者。这样的事情经常发生。当你和新老人脉分享你的简历和其他跟找工作相关的材料时，明确地表明你这次找工作是秘密的Foss说。
4. Your co-worker blabbed。
4.你的同事会泄密。
"I'm always amazed at how many people tell their co-workers about their job search," Kay says. "That's one of the worst things you can do." Ideally, you wouldn't tell any co-workers, but you may have to if you want them to serve as references. In that case, Kay says, "you need to pick people who you really trust, who don't have a hidden agenda and who won't let it slip."
Kay说我很一直很吃惊因为很多人都会告诉他们的同事找工作的事。这是你做的最糟糕的事情之一。理论上说你不能告诉任何同事，但是有时你不得不告诉他们因为想得到他们的引荐。如果那样的话Kay说，你得挑一些值得信任的人，他们不会背后秘密异议也不会口误说出去。
5. You're taking four-hour lunches and have way too many dentist appointments。
5.你午饭谈了四个小时那么久或者有太多的牙医预约。
Yes, it is that obvious when you're interviewing elsewhere and go MIA, with or without a flimsy excuse. Schedule phone interviews for personal hours, like a lunch break, and take vacation or PTO days for lengthy in-person interviews. "That way, you're not feeling pressured during the interview to get back to work – which can affect how you handle the interview – and you're not stealing time from your employers," Kay says。
是的，当你到处面试的时候，去MIA没有借口借口很牵强的时候十分明显。可以在私人时间比如午饭时间电话面试。也可以利用节假日或者带薪假期进行长时间的现场面试，这样面试的时候你不会因为要赶回来上班感到紧张压迫。同时也可以帮助你面试进行的顺利，而且你也没占用工作的时间，Kay说。
6. You dressed 10 times nicer than usual yesterday。
6.你昨天穿得比平时好看10倍。
People (read: your boss) will notice if you go from sporting a uniform of jeans and a T-shirt to showing up in a tailored suit on interview day. This is all the more reason to take the day off from work to interview, but if you don't, dress as usual at the office. And then, Foss says, "leave the premises, and stop in a McDonald's parking lot on the way to the interview to change."
如果你从平时身穿牛仔裤，t恤套装的搭配突然变成像面试时候穿的西装革履的的样子，这就更充分证实了你请了一天假去面试了。但如果你不这样做，而是穿的和平时在办公室穿的一样。你的老板都会注意到你的变化。然后，FOSS说，“走吧，别把这里当作了在麦当劳停车场面试。
7. Your company's human resources staff saw your résumé on a job board。
7.你们公司的人事在一个求职网站上发现了你的简历。
When you post your résumé to a job board, such as Monster or Indeed, there's a chance your current employer could see it. In fact, Foss says many HR staffers and managers regularly search for their company names within job board submissions specifically to see if their employees are looking for jobs。
当你在求职布告栏比如Monster或者Indeed发布你的简历时，你现在的雇主是可有机会看到你的简历的。Foss说很多人事和经理经常在求职栏搜索职工的名字看他们是不是在找工作。
There's often an option to post your résumé anonymously, so do that, Foss says. "Or forgo that option and stick with LinkedIn," she adds. "You're way more likely to be found by recruiters and hiring managers there anyway."
但是通常你可以选择匿名求职，Fos说，或者要么就拒绝那个选项坚持在领英上面发布，她补充道这样至少更易被招聘者和经理发现。
8. You left your résumé in the freaking printer!
8.你把简历留在了该死的打印机里！
Yes, it happens. Print all application materials from home, the library, a print shop – anywhere besides your current company's office。
是的，这经常发生。你可以在家里，图书馆，打印店等除了你现在工作的公司办公室的任何地方打印申请材料。
In fact, create a hard and fast rule to keep work and job searching separate. That means no sneaking out for a phone interview. No browsing job boards. No applying or networking with your work email address. "You don't watch porn at work, and you don't work on your résumé at work," Kay says. "You just don't."
事实上，你要毅然坚决地将工作和找工作划清界限。也就是说，你不能偷偷溜出去接听电话面试。不要浏览找工作的平台。不要用你的工作邮件地址申请和联络。“你不要在工作时看色情照片，同样不要在工作的时候看你的简历，”凯说：“你千万不要。”
The reason is twofold: For one, logistically, there are simply too many opportunities to get caught job searching. Résumé copies will be found. Computer servers will be checked. Co-workers will notice when you're clearly elsewhere, either literally for interviews or emotionally (more on that later)。
理由有两方面：首先，从逻辑上讲，你实在有太多的机会被人抓住你在搜索工作。简历的副本会被发现。计算机服务器会被检查。工作伙伴会从表面上或者情绪上(多半是后者)察觉到你为面试而心不在焉。
And – oh, right – ethics. "You're not being fair to your employer if you're using the company's dime to get the heck out of there," Foss says。
还有呢，就是道德。“如果你通过使用公司的设备来设法离开这里就实在对你的雇主太不公平了。”福斯说。
9. You've been avoiding your boss。
9.你会一直回避你的老板。
When she consults managers, Kay says many of them suspect something is fishy when their employees stop talking to them as often, whether it's to give an update, ask for an opinion or just say hello. As Kay puts it: "You're not doing the things you normally would have to keep the relationship going."
当她向经理咨询的时候，凯说，当他们的员工开始不经常和他们讲话，无论是更新工作内容，询问意见还是仅仅打个招呼，他们中的许多人都能警觉地察觉到一些事情。正如凯总结地那样：“你开始不做那些你日常维持社交关系的事情了。”
10. You've just been acting weird, OK?
10.你真的很明显，好吧？
"This is a hard one for people to understand how they're doing it, but it's an easy one for managers to pick up," Kay says. In many cases, you're disengaged, or as Kay describes it: "not being totally mentally present." Maybe you used to chime in a lot during meetings, and now you're quiet. Maybe you're not producing as much as you used to. Maybe you're not excited about a new project you've been asked to manage。
“一般人很难发现你们在做什么，但是你的异常却很容易被经理们捕捉到。”凯说。许多情况下，你漫不经心，或者如凯描述得那样：“精神完全不在状态。”或许你过去常常积极参与会议，但是你现在沉默了。或许你没有过去做得多了。或许你不再对你要做的案子感兴趣了。
Or maybe you've become bolder in arguing against decisions you disagree with, Foss says. "Any variation to what's expected of you or from you could raise an eyebrow," she adds。
或许你在与你不赞同的决定的争论中表现得更加勇敢，福斯说“任何偏离你常有表现或者你一笑而过的态度的行为，”她说到。
Job-searching employees often send these subtle signals without expecting their managers to notice, Kay says. But they do。
寻找工作的雇员并不希望将这些蛛丝马迹被他们的经理发现，凯说，但是他们确实被发现了。
"They say: 'I wonder why she kept her head down in the meeting; I wonder why she's not eager to take over that project; I wonder why she's leaving early a couple days a week," Kay says. "You're planting questions in their head."
“他们说：‘我会奇怪她为什么在会议的时候低着头；我好奇她为什么不再兴奋地接过这个案子；我也会想她为什么一周有两天很早地离开，”凯说，“你在他们的脑海里引发了这些问题。”
Nineteen buildings disappeared in the space of 10 seconds after being demolished by a controlled explosion in China yesterday.
昨天，中国一次控制爆破让19栋楼在10秒钟之内被夷平。
The blocks of flats which were up to 12 storeys high in the city of Wuhan are making way for a huge new business district including a 707-metre tall skyscraper.
位于武汉的这些楼房有12层楼高，这些建筑（被夷平是）为一个新的商业区让路，这个商业区包括一栋高707米的摩天大楼。
Experts waited until dark had fallen before detonating demolition charges which brought down 150000 square metres of concrete glass and steel in 10 seconds.
专家等到夜幕降临才实施爆破，10秒钟内就夷平了十五万平方米的混凝土、玻璃、钢筋。
The residents of the Hankou Binjiang estate had been moved out weeks before.
汉口滨江的居民数周前就已将财产转移。
The area is close to the city centre and the demolition contractors had to make sure that when they brought down the buildings they did not damage a light rail viaduct nearby or a shopping mall and electricity sub-station.
这个区域靠近市中心，爆破方必须确保爆破时不会影响到附近的一条轻轨线路、一个购物中心和变电站。
Jia Yongsheng general director of the demolition company told China's state TV channel CCTV: 'For this kind of large-scale blasting demolition conducted in the downtown area we not only need to guarantee the demolition result but also strictly control the adverse effects of blasting.'
爆破公司总指挥贾永胜告诉中国国营电视台CCTV说：像这样在市中心的大规模爆破任务，不但要保证爆破结果（精确），还要控制爆破产生的不良影响。
The U.S. $10 bill will feature the portrait of a notable U.S. woman by 2020.
2020年，10美元钞票上将出现一名著名美国女性的画像。
The new image will replace that of Alexander Hamilton, the nation's first Treasury Secretary, whose portrait has graced the $10 bill since the late 1920s. The redesigned currency will debut in time for the 100th anniversary of the formal ratification of the constitutional amendment that gave women the right to vote.
新画像将取代美国首任财政部长亚历山大·汉密尔顿的画像。自上世纪20年末以来，10美元钞票上一直印有汉密尔顿的画像。新版10美元钞票将在赋予女性选举权的宪法修正案正式通过100周年之际开始发行。
Treasury Secretary Jacob Lew announced the plans for the new redesign Wednesday. Lew said the Treasury Department will launch a social media campaign dubbed "The New 10" to solicit ideas on whose portrait should be chosen for the new bill, along with a series of public meetings. He will reveal his decision sometime this year.
星期三，美国财政部长杰克·卢宣布了这一计划。他说，财政部将发起一个名为“新10元”的社交媒体运动，并将举行一系列公民会议，征集人们的想法，以确定在新版10美元钞票上印哪位女性的画像。
A woman's portrait has not been printed on U.S. paper money since 1896, when Martha Washington, the wife of the first U.S. president, was shown on a one dollar silver certificate.
1896年，美国首任总统的夫人玛莎·华盛顿的画像印在一美元银圆券上，此后美元纸币上再没有出现过女性画像。
Beloved TV show characters enter our lives as friends and impact us in crazy ways. They can make us laugh until our sides hurt, cry when things don't go well for them, and call in sick to work when we just can't stop watching and must know what happens. But through it all, we love them. And yet, there's so much that the audience will never know. Some TV shows have dark secrets. Some almost didn't exist at all. Here are some behind the scenes stories of your favorite TV shows.
一些深受喜爱的电视剧角色就像老朋友一样存在于我们的生活中，并对我们产生翻天覆地的影响。我们为之捧腹大笑，也为之潸然泪下，甚至不惜撒谎请假，只为能够端坐在电视机前得知他们的最新进展。自始至终，我们对他们如痴如醉。但是还有很多东西是观众无法从银幕上得知的，比如隐藏在这些电视剧中的小秘密。下面就是一些受人追捧的电视剧的幕后故事。
10.Firefly was Inspired by Gettysburg
10.《萤火虫》灵感来自葛底斯堡战役
Joss Whedon came up with the idea of Firefly while he was on a non-working vacation. He was reading a book called The Killer Angels which told the story of soldiers in the Battle of Gettysburg. Whedon was attracted to the idea of the difficulty of the soldiers' everyday lives. He liked that the author focused on the mundane details of how people survived when they didn't have all of their needs conveniently met by modern technology and commercialism.
乔斯·威登在度假的时候萌发了创作《萤火虫》的设想。他当时正在读一本叫做《天使杀手》的书，这本书讲述了一名葛底斯堡战役中的士兵的故事。威登深深地被这个士兵日复一日的艰辛生活所吸引。这本书的作者描写了大量日常生活中的繁琐细节，以及人们如何在缺乏现代科技和商业之便的情况下艰难度日。而威登对这种描写方式推崇备至。
Whedon had always loved the seemingly separate ideas of sci-fi and westerns, and through The Killer Angels, he saw a way to combine them. "I wanted to play with that classic notion of the frontier," he said. "Not the people who made history, but the people history stepped on—the people for whom every act is the creation of civilization." And Whedon decided to set the frontier on a spaceship: a ship named Serenity.
乔斯·威登一直都很喜欢科幻小说，也是西部小说的忠实拥趸。尽管这两种小说类型风马牛不相及，但是从《天使杀手》这部书中，他找到了一种方式，可以把二者融合起来。"我当时想把新垦地的概念好好地演绎一下"，他说，"人类文明是由那些被历史深深伤害了的人们推动前行的，而不是那些创造历史的伟人。"这一次，威登决定把新垦地从西部搬到了"宁静号"宇宙飞船上。
9.Carol and Susan's Wedding in Friends
9.《老友记》中卡罗尔和苏珊的婚礼
Friends wasn't known for being the most diverse show on television at the time, since the cast was comprised of almost entirely white actors. None of the main characters were anything other than "mainstream." Even the acknowledgement of Ross's first wife Carol being a lesbian was met with jokes about sexuality (mostly from Joey), and sexist comments were frequently incorporated into the script.
《老友记》里几乎都是白人演员，所以它在当时并不是一部以兼容并包著称的电视剧。剧中的主要角色没有一个是"非主流"。甚至乔伊还经常拿罗斯的第一个老婆是同性恋这事开玩笑，而且经常能在台词中看到性别歧视的只言片语。
However, in season two Friends took a big leap toward equality by featuring a gay wedding when Carol married her girlfriend Susan. Behind the scenes, executive producer Marta Kauffman said, "NBC expected thousands and thousands of phone calls and hate mail." However, after the episode aired, they received only four antagonistic letters. As it turns out, people just didn't care that much.
但是，当《老友记》第二季浓墨重彩地展现卡罗尔和苏珊的同性恋婚礼时，这个剧集就朝着人人平等的方向迈出了一大步。幕后，执行制片人玛塔·考夫曼说："国家广播公司预计会接到成千上万的投诉电话和邮件"。然而在这部剧集上映之后，收到的恶意信件却是寥寥无几。原来，大家根本就不在乎。
8.The Big Bang Theory Whiteboard Has Real Equations
8.《生活大爆炸》白板上的公式都是真的
The Big Bang Theory is not short on geniuses. Not only is the show about highly intelligent scientists, but cast member Mayim Bialik has a Ph.D. in Neuroscience. So it should come as no surprise that the cast would want to show off their intelligence and attention to detail. In Sheldon and Leonard's apartment, there's a large white board. The two roommates use the board frequently for everything from actual work that Leonard or Sheldon has brought home, or to decide whether to eat before or after the new Spider-Man movie.
《生活大爆炸》中绝不缺少天才。不只是因为这部剧向观众展示了很多绝顶聪明的科学家，同时，演员玛伊姆·比亚利克还拥有神经学博士学位。因此，演员们想要在剧中展示他们的聪明才智，并将整部剧做到精益求精，这也不足为奇。剧中谢尔顿和莱纳德的公寓里有一块很大的白板，这对铁哥们几乎在处理任何事时都会用到它，从完成从学校带回来的工作，到决定是否等到看完最新一部《蜘蛛侠》再吃饭，都离不开这块白板。
The board is frequently covered in equations. Have you ever wondered what those equations mean? Well, we may never know what they mean, but they are all real, accurate equations. Very impressive, Big Bang. Very impressive indeed.
这块白板经常被写满公式。但你是否曾好奇过这些公式都有什么含义？我们也许没有机会知道它们代表什么，但它们的确都是真实准确的公式。这一点相当给力。
7.M·A·S·H Star Never Signed his Contract
7.《风流医生俏护士》主演未与剧组签合同
When M·A·S·H first aired, the characters of Hawkeye and Trapper were meant to be equally sized roles. It was with that understanding that Wayne Rogers agreed to take the role of Trapper John. However, as Alan Alda began to make changes to the characters and have more influence on the direction of the show, Hawkeye began to seriously eclipse Trapper.
《风流医生俏护士》首播时，鹰眼和诱捕者这两个角色原本同等重要，也正是在这样的条件下，韦恩·罗杰斯才同意扮演诱捕者约翰。然而，当艾伦·艾尔达开始对这个角色进行改动并对整个剧情走向产生更大影响时，鹰眼使诱捕者这一角色黯然失色。
Rogers, unhappy with the turn of events, decided to leave the show after the first three seasons. The breach of contract led to a multi-million dollar lawsuit. Ironically, Wayne Rogers had never signed his contract to begin with (he had a problem with a morals clause). The lawsuit was thrown out. You could say Rogers got the last laugh, but since M·A·S·H went on for eight more seasons and Rogers' never reached the same career success again, the last laugh might be a relative concept.
罗杰斯对于中间剧情的反转十分不满，因此在拍完前三季之后决定离开剧组。这样的违约行为使他面临数百万美元的诉讼。但讽刺的是，韦恩·罗杰斯从来没有正式和剧组签订过合同（他涉及道德条款方面的问题）。因此该诉讼请求被驳回。你可能会说在这次的事件中，罗杰斯是笑到最后的人，但自从他离开剧组，《风流医生俏护士》又播出了八季，而罗杰斯在他的演艺生涯中再也没有取得过这样的成就。所以说他是笑到最后的人，也许只是一个相对的说法。
6.Jack Shephard Almost Died in the First Episode
6.杰克·谢帕德差点在第一集中死去
It's hard to imagine LOST without Jack Shephard as the group leader. Where would the show have been without him? Had the show's writers gotten their way, we would have learned the answer to that question. When the show was pitched to ABC, Jack Shephard's character was supposed to be killed after the pilot episode, and Kate was supposed to take on more of a leadership role in the series.
很难想象《迷失》中若是没有杰克·谢帕德作主角，这部剧会变成什么样。大概只有编剧真的这样写了，我们才会知道答案吧。美国广播公司引进这部剧后，杰克·谢帕德这一角色本该在坠机事件中遇难，接着将由凯特在这部剧中担任更多的领导角色。
In the original casting, Michael Keaton was set to play the character. However, ABC executives begged the writers and producers to keep Jack alive. They believed the character was too likeable to die off so quickly. The writers agreed. Michael Keaton was not interested in signing up for a long-running show. Instead, the role of Jack was given to Matthew Fox. The rest is TV history.
在最初的角色分配中，由迈克尔·基顿来扮演这个角色。不料，美国广播公司的高管们恳求编剧和制片人让杰克活下来，他们认为这个角色太讨人喜欢了，不应该这么快就被安排死去。编剧最终同意了。迈克尔·基顿并不想签约一部长篇电视剧，便由马修·福克斯代替他来扮演杰克的角色。接下来的电视剧情便众所周知了。
审校：赵倩 来源：前十网
5.Bryan Cranston was a Murder Suspect
5.布莱恩·克兰斯顿曾是杀人嫌疑犯
Many years before Bryan played "Walter White" on Breaking Bad, he and his brother worked in a restaurant in Florida. The head chef was a very mean man. In a 2011 podcast for Marc Maron, Cranston described him saying "No matter how nice you may have been to him, he hated you." Not surprisingly, all the wait staff routinely discussed how they wanted to kill him. Cranston says it was "all they talked about!"
多年以前，布莱恩·克兰斯顿还未在《绝命毒师》中饰演沃尔特·怀特，他曾和哥哥一起在一家餐馆打工。那儿的主厨是个非常刻薄的人。2011年，在马克·马龙的电台节目里当播客时，克兰斯顿如此描述道："无论你对他多好，他还是讨厌你。"因此，所有的服务生平时都在谈论着如何谋杀他。克兰斯顿说这就是"他们平时讨论的所有内容"。
Talking about wanting to kill your boss may not be that uncommon, but it does put a damper on things when said boss actually ends up murdered. When the police came to ask questions, they ended up learning that the Cranston brothers had recently resigned to ride their motorcycles cross-country. Until they could be cleared, the two men were both suspects.
想要谋杀老板的念头并不稀奇，但是当大家所讨论的老板真的死于谋杀时，就不是那么回事了。当警察来询问的时候，他们才知道，克兰斯顿兄弟俩已经辞职并骑着他们的摩托车横跨整个国家。他们俩在被证明清白之前都是嫌疑人。
4.Sex and the City Caused a Rush on Cupcakes
4.《欲望都市》掀起纸杯蛋糕热
In Sex and the City, Miranda and Carrie frequent a place called Magnolia Bakery at 401 Bleeker Street. After the episodes aired, hordes of people had to investigate those cupcakes. Nothing can incur cupcake mania quite like Carrie Bradshaw can. Magnolia Bakery received a huge boost in sales and customers. In fact, they were so popular that they had to hire a "bouncer" of sorts. Not quite your typical club bouncer, this bouncer was friendly and very interested in the finer points of cupcakes.
在电视剧《欲望都市》里，米兰达和嘉莉常去布里克街401号的木兰烘焙坊。剧集播出以后，成群结队的人前去对那些纸杯蛋糕一探究竟。没有谁能像凯莉·布拉德肖那样带来一股纸杯蛋糕热。木兰烘焙坊也因此销量大增，顾客盈门。事实上，他们因为大受欢迎而不得不聘请了一位类似"保安"的工作人员。不同于一般的俱乐部保安，这位保安非常友好，并且相当注重蛋糕的细节。
He was responsible for monitoring how many cupcake aficionados were allowed in the store at one time. Of course Magnolia Bakery isn't exactly complaining. The store proudly displays memorabilia from the show on the walls of their many locations. Today, Magnolia Bakery is known for their banana pudding, but they will always owe their initial success to Carrie Bradshaw and a red velvet cupcake.
保安负责监管烘焙坊一次能容纳多少蛋糕狂热者。当然，木兰烘焙坊并没有因为人多而怨气冲冲。烘焙坊把电视剧纪念品展览于多家分店的墙上，并引以为豪。现在，木兰烘焙坊以香蕉布丁而闻名，但他们的最初成功应该归功于凯莉·布拉德肖以及红天鹅绒纸杯蛋糕。
3.The Andrea Yates Trial Inspired Desperate Housewives
3.《绝望主妇》灵感来源于安德烈·耶茨案
In 2002, Marc Cherry (the creator of Desperate Housewives) was watching the news with his mother in her home. The lead story on the news that day (and many days before) was the Andrea Yates trial. Andrea was on trial for drowning her five children in the bathtub. Marc turned to his mother and asked, "Could you imagine a woman being so desperate that she would murder her own children?"
2002年，电视剧《绝望主妇》的制片人马克·切利正在家和他母亲看着电视。那天（以及前几天）的头条新闻是安德烈·耶茨案件审判。她因在浴缸里溺死自己的5个孩子而受审。马克转身问他母亲："你能想象一个女人究竟是多么绝望才会杀了亲生孩子？"
Martha Cherry took a cigarette out of her mouth, murmured, "I've been there," and resumed smoking. Marc was in shock (which, let's face it, is a pretty healthy response when you realize your own mother may or may not have had thoughts of murdering you while you bathed). He realized for the first time how desperate and lonely it could be to be a housewife. He realized then and there that he was upon a very good idea for a TV show. This conversation was the birth of Desperate Housewives.
玛莎·切利取出嘴里的香烟，喃喃低语："我也曾经这么想过。"说完便又抽起了烟。马克震惊了（我们想象一下，当知道你的亲生母亲可能会在你沐浴时杀了你，这反应很正常）。马克第一次意识到家庭主妇会变得多么绝望和孤独。接着，他就想到这会是电视剧的一个好素材。这次谈话便开启了《绝望主妇》的制作。
2.The Fresh Prince of Bel Air was Almost Bankrupt
2.《活力王子》中的王子几乎破产
Will Smith had a very successful career in the late 80s and early 90s as the second half of rap duo DJ Jazzy Jeff and the Fresh Prince. But in spite of his financial success, Smith did not manage his money well. It's a pretty classic tale, really. New fame, lots of money, no future plans, and lots of fancy toys added up to a lot of overspending. This lack of oversight and fiscal irresponsibility landed him on the brink of bankruptcy. He owed the government back taxes that he had not paid.
威尔·史密斯早年成名，那是上世纪80年代末90年代初，他做嘻哈组合"DJ爵士杰夫&活力王子"的后期成员时。然而，虽然他赚得盆满钵盈，却不善于管理金钱。这真是个老掉牙的故事。名望、金钱扑面而来；却没有远见，空有一堆玩物，最终导致超支。对财产的监管意识与责任感的缺失，让他从富有的顶峰一下跌到破产的边缘。没落之后，他欠政府的退缴税一直没能偿还。
When he was offered the role of "Will" on Fresh Prince, he had 70% of his wages garnished for the first three seasons. After three years, he was able to take home his full salary. Basically, the first line of the theme song could have been written about Will Smith's real life: "This is a story all about how/My life got flip-turned upside down." Except in real life, the "guys making trouble in his neighborhood" was the IRS.
当他饰演《活力王子》中"威尔"一角时，前三季的薪水都被制作方扣除了70%！三年之后他才拿到全额工资。碰巧的是，主题曲的第一句就如同是按他的真实经历所写："这故事就是说/我翻腾的生活/如何大起大落"。只不过在现实中，那个"（他）爱闹事的邻居"是美国国税局。
1."The Little Kicks" in Seinfeld Almost Didn't Happen
1.《宋飞正传》"踢脚舞"一集差点流产
In the episode "The Little Kicks," we get to see Elaine's fabulously hilarious dance moves. It's almost impossible to imagine a version of Seinfeld in which Elaine doesn't dance in such a funky way. And yet shockingly, this was almost the case. Writer Spike Fereston knew that series creator Larry David was against the dance, and he was only able to get it approved after David left. He was able to get the dance approve, but still received a lot of push back from the other writers.
在"踢脚舞"这集中，我们得以看到伊莱恩·薄伯那难以置信的滑稽舞步。简直难以想象没有她这么带感的放克舞蹈，《宋飞正传》会是什么样子。然而，令人震惊的是，那差点就成了现实。编剧之一斯派克·费雷斯滕知道，制作人拉里·戴维一定会反对这场舞戏，所以他只能等到戴维离开之后。当他的这场舞戏终于获得许可，却又遭到不少同事的强烈反对。
Fereston recalls when writer Jennifer Crittenden stopped him in the hallway after filming and asked him, 'Are you sure about this? Are you sure you're not ruining Julia Louis-Dreyfus' career?' Considering Dreyfus won an Emmy that same year, it's safe to say the dance was a good career move for the actress. And now to reminisce, here is Elaine doing her famous "Elaine Dance."
据斯派克回忆，一天，拍摄工作结束后，另一位编剧詹妮弗·克里滕登在走廊叫住他，问："你一定要这样吗？你确定这样不会毁了朱莉娅的前程吗？"考虑到当年朱莉娅凭此剧获得艾美奖，我们不妨说这场舞戏其实让这位女演员在演艺事业上更进了一步。为了怀旧，您不妨抽空再去回顾一下伊莱恩和她著名的"伊莱恩舞步"。
审校：赵倩 来源：前十网
Like any college kid, Evan Wray loved using the tiny pictograms known as emoji. But he hated that there was no emoji to express his Fighting Irish pride with fellow University of Notre Dame students. So, alongside co-founder Sean O’Brien, he built a modest business on that disconnect. TextPride, as it was called, licensed images from brands in the sports and entertainment world and sold them as sticker packs. Within a messaging app like Kik, users could buy a packet of stickers for Disney’s Frozen for $1.99, for example.
和所有大学生一样，埃文o雷喜欢使用表情符号。但让他恼火的是，没有什么表情符号能够让他向圣母大学的同学表达自己对该校橄榄球队战斗的爱尔兰人的自豪感。于是，他和肖恩o欧布莱恩一起创办了一桩小生意，以弥补这一空白。这款名为TextPride的产品从体育和娱乐世界中获得图像授权，然后将其打包成贴纸出售。比如，在Kik这样的短信应用中，用户可以花1.99美元买一包迪斯尼电影《冰雪奇缘》的贴纸。
TextPride was a fine business, but a tiny one. Meanwhile, the market for messaging apps was exploding. Facebook FB 0.61% bought WhatsApp for $19 billion; that service now has 700 million monthly active users. Tango, an app with 250 million registered users, is worth $1.5 billion. Kik has 200 million registered users. Snapchat, worth $10 billion, has 100 million users. A new study, commissioned by Kik, shows that U.S. users now spend more time on average in messaging apps than they do on social networking apps. The only problem? These messaging apps need ways to make money, and there’s no reasonable way for advertisers to wedge themselves into conversations between friends.
TextPride是一门不错的生意，就是规模太小。与此同时，短信应用市场正在爆炸式增长。Facebook公司斥资190亿美元并购了WhatsApp，这款产品的每月活跃用户现已达到7亿人。拥有2.5亿注册用户的应用Tango目前市值15亿美元。Kik拥有2亿注册用户。Snapchat价值100亿美元，拥有一亿用户。Kik赞助的一项新研究表明，美国用户现在花在短信应用上的平均时间要多于社交网络应用。不过唯一的问题是，这些短信应用需要找到赚钱的手段，目前广告主还没找到靠谱的方式插入朋友间的聊天之中。
This is a thorny issue that’s unique to messaging apps. We expect ads to live alongside content we consume. We don’t expect them to crop up in our one-on-one communications. “The last thing you want in a personal conversation is a banner ad or pop-up that interrupts that,” Wray says. “It might work with more impersonal networks, but specifically within messaging, people hate traditional ads.”
这也是短信应用独有的棘手问题。在消费内容时，我们希望广告乖乖待在一边。没人想在聊天时突然有条广告蹦出来。雷表示：“人们在聊天时最不想看到的就是打断对话的广告条或弹出式广告。可能这在非个人的网络上还管用，但在短信中，人们最恼火的就是看到传统广告。”
WhatsApp had been particularly ad-averse before its sale to Facebook. CEO Jan Koum kept a note from co-founder Brian Acton taped to his desk to remind him of the company’s core values. It read: “No Ads! No Games! No Gimmicks!”
在出售给Facebook前，WhatsApp一直特别反对植入广告。该公司首席执行官让o库姆在自己桌上一直贴着联合创始人布莱恩o阿克顿留下的一张便条，随时提醒自己牢记公司的核心价值观：“不要广告！不要游戏！不要宣传噱头！”这样一来，短信应用只好想出别的创意。比如Tango就在用户的短信“收件箱”里插入广告。中国互联网巨头腾讯公司旗下的短信应用——微信，则通过游戏、贴纸（类似于表情符号）和移动购物等方式谋取赚钱之道。Kik则提供一种被一些人称为“聊天广告”的功能，用户通过它能和幽默网站Funny or Die及电影信息网站Moviefone这类品牌运营的聊天程序进行交谈。
So the messaging apps have gotten creative. Tango, for example, inserts ads within a user’s messaging “inbox.” WeChat, a popular Chinese app that is owned by Tencent, makes money through games, stickers (which are similar to emojis), and mobile commerce. Kik offers a feature that some are calling “chatvertising,” where users hold conversations with chat-bots powered by brands like Funny or Die and Moviefone.
上周二，Snapchat推出了一种名为Discover的服务，Vice、CNN和《人物》杂志等媒体可通过它在Snapchat发布视频内容。已经有几个频道推出广告服务，要价可不便宜。据《广告周刊》报道，Snapchat的广告标价是每天75万美元。
Snapchat on Tuesday launched Discover, a section of its app where media outlets including Vice, CNN andPeople magazine can publish video content within Snapchat. Already several of the channels feature ads, which aren’t cheap. According to Adweek, Snapchat ads cost $750,000 per day.
还是说回TextPride吧。雷和欧布莱恩发现，用户很喜欢各种品牌授权的表情符号，他们相信广告主肯定希望非常便捷地通过一家供应商来进入多种短信应用。但他们也明白，这充其量只能占到这项业务的一半份额。对运动队这类大名鼎鼎的品牌来说，用户是愿意为这些贴纸埋单的。但那些不知名的品牌就需要自己掏钱来挤进这个圈子了。
But back to TextPride. Wray and O’Brien saw the way users eagerly engaged with their branded emojis, and believed advertisers appreciated the convenience of using one vendor to get many different messaging apps. But they realized that that was only half of the business. For certain established brands like sports teams, people will pay for stickers. But other, unknown brands would pay just to be included.
TextPride已经改名为Swyft Media，并推出了一个能将新品牌表情符号和贴纸推送到短信应用中的新平台。各大品牌需要为此付费，一如传统的广告推广活动。
TextPride changed its name to Swyft Media and launched a platform that pushes emojis and stickers from new brands into messaging apps. Brands pay for the privilege, as they would with a regular ad campaign.
最近的一个例子是：当格温o史蒂芬尼发布新专辑《 Spark the Fire》时，Swyft公司即时设计了一个免费贴纸包，在自己的几个短信应用中推出。它被下载了近一百万次，并在用户中传送了七百万次，最后在10天内被观看了4100万次。雷表示，对任何品牌来说，要在其他渠道达到这样的广告效果，需要花上5万到25万美元。
A recent example: When Gwen Stefani launched her new album Spark the Fire, Swyft created a free sticker pack and distributed it on several of its messaging apps. It was downloaded almost a million times and sent between users seven million times, resulting in 41 million impressions in 10 days. Such campaigns cost anywhere from $50,000 to $250,000 for brands, Wray says.
格温o史蒂芬尼的广告在好几个应用上同时推出，其中就有总部位于硅谷的短信应用Tango。Tango主要通过用户收件箱里的广告赚钱，但它已采用了Swyft的平台，该公司广告和平台副总裁理查德o拉百特表示，这类广告非常契合人们使用Tango的方式。一年前，Tango决定不再卖贴纸了，因为向用户要钱总会带来很多摩擦。拉百特称：“在人们沟通过程中放上一道‘留下买路钱’的大门绝不是我们希望带给用户的体验。”所以，就由Swyft来提供这种广告吧。
The Gwen Stefani campaign ran on several apps, including Tango, the Silicon Valley-based messaging app. Tango earns money on ads within a user’s inbox, but it has adopted Swyft’s platform because the ads are in line with the way people already use Tango, says Richard Rabbat, vice president of Advertising and Platform at Tango. A year ago, Tango decided not to sell stickers, because asking users for money creates too much friction, he says. “Putting a payment gate in the way of communication is not the right experience we want to give to our users,” Rabbat says. Ergo, ad campaigns from Swyft.
现在，Swyft一半的收入都来自于为格温o史蒂芬尼制作的这类广告。雷表示，Swyft每月收入的增长幅度在50% 到100%之间。另一半就来自销售贴纸——主要是靠知名运动队和《怪物史莱克》这样的娱乐品牌授权。
Swyft now makes half of its money from ad campaigns like the one for Gwen Stefani. Swyft’s revenue has increased between 50% and 100% each month, Wray says. The other half comes from selling stickers—typically licensed from sports teams and entertainment brands like Shrek.
Swyft有50家短信应用合作伙伴，包括Kakao Talk, Facebook Messenger, BlackBerry Messenger和 Line。这种合作让这家只有11个人的小公司能接触到25亿注册用户。随着利用短信应用赚钱的办法不断演化，这家年轻的创业公司已探索出一条可让各大品牌挤进人们聊天领域的生财之道。（财富中文网）
Swyft works with 50 different messaging partners, including Kakao Talk, Facebook Messenger, BlackBerry Messenger, and Line. The partnerships give the 11-person company access to 2.5 billion registered users. As the strategies for monetizing messaging apps evolve, the young startup has carved out a way for brands to inject themselves into the conversation.
译者：清远
The illustration on Google's homepage on Monday may look pretty whimsical, but it's spotlighting a very serious issue: clean water. Not bad for an 11-year-old from Long Island.
本周一的谷歌首页涂鸦看起来十分意想天开，但关注却是一个非常严肃的问题：净水。该作品出自一名来自纽约长岛的11岁孩子之手，相当不错。
Audrey Zhang, a fifth-grader from Levittown, N.Y., is the winner of this year's Doodle 4 Google competition, rising to the top of some 100,000 entries on the theme of "draw one thing to make the world a better place."
纽约州莱维敦的五年级学生张天羽在10万名参赛者中脱颖而出，赢得了本年度谷歌国际少年绘画大赛冠军。这次比赛的主题是“画一个能使世界变得更好的东西”。
Her piece, titled “Back to Mother Nature," depicts an elaborate water-cleaning machine. Zhang worked with a team of artists at Google to animate her drawing.
她的作品《回归大自然》描绘了一台复杂的净水机器。她和一组谷歌的艺术家们共同将这幅作品变成了动画。
"To make the world a better place, I invented a transformative water purifier," Google quoted Zhang as saying. "It takes in dirty and polluted water from rivers, lakes and even oceans, then massively transforms the water into clean, safe and sanitary water. When humans and animals drink this water, they will live a healthier life."
“为了让世界更好，我想到了一台革命性的净水器” 谷歌引用了张天羽的原话，“它能够大量转化江河湖海里的污水，把它们变成安全卫生的净水。人和动物喝这种水，会活得更健康。”
She created a whole world around the device -- one populated by humans, a whale in a top hat and dragons.
在作品中，她围绕这台机器创造了一整个世界：人类、带着大礼帽的鲸鱼和龙居住在其中。
Zhang's piece is “so lush and so rich and so full and so complete,” Google Doodle team leader Ryan Germick told the Washington Post. “Every leaf seemed to have life in it.”
张天羽的作品“非常丰富和完整”，谷歌涂鸦团队领导瑞安·格米克对《华盛顿邮报》表示，“仿佛每片树叶都有生命”。
Along with having her artwork featured on Google's homepage, Zhang wins a $30,000 college scholarship. In addition, her school will receive a $50,000 Google for Education technology grant, and the company is donating $20,000 in her name to a charity dedicated to bringing clean water to schools in Bangladesh.
除了作品被展示在谷歌主页，张天羽还获得了3万美元的大学奖学金。她所在的学校也将获得5万美元的谷歌教育科技拨款。谷歌还以她的名义向慈善机构捐赠了2万美元，用于给孟加拉的学校提供净水。
On Sunday, the night before the Doodle debuted, Zhang told Newsday she was "excited" by the big win, but said she wouldn't be awake when her art first went online at midnight.
周日也就是张天羽的作品被谷歌展示的前一天，她接受纽约长岛报纸《新闻日》的采访，表示自己对获奖感到兴奋，但不会熬夜等自己的作品上线。
"I have school tomorrow, so I can't stay up late," she told the paper.
“我明天还要上学，不能晚睡。” 张天羽如是说。
A schoolgirl aged 11 has been honoured as "America's top young scientist" for inventing a quick, low-cost test to detect lead-contaminated water.
一名11岁的女学生因发明了一个快速、廉价测试铅污染水的方法，而被誉为“美国顶尖青年科学家”。
Gitanjali Rao was selected from 10 finalists who had spent three months collaborating with scientists to develop their ideas.
Gitanjali Rao是从10名参加决赛的选手们中被选出来的，他们花了三个月的时间与科学家们进行合作，来实现自己的想法。
Her device uses carbon nanotubes to detect the presence of lead. Thousands of US water systems are reportedly contaminated by lead.
她的设备使用了碳纳米管来检测铅的存在。据报道，数千个美国供水系统都有铅污染的问题。
Gitanjali's invention was inspired by the scandal in Flint, Michigan, where officials are facing charges, she told Business Insider.
Gitanjali向《商业内幕》透露，她的发明是受到了密歇根弗林特市丑闻的启发，该地的官员们正面临着指控。
Until now, testing reliably for lead was expensive and meant sending away samples for analysis.
到现在为止，要想准确可靠地检测到铅的存在，这都是非常昂贵的，同时这也意味着要发送样品，以用于分析。
But Gitanjali's portable invention allows a sensor linked to a mobile app to give an accurate, almost immediate analysis.
但是Gitanjali的便携发明，可以通过一个与手机app连接的传感器，就得出一个确切、及时的分析。
Gitanjali said she wanted to further refine the device so it could eventually go on the market.
Gitanjali表示，她想要进一步改善改设备，这样它最终就能进入市场了。
Gitanjali won a $25,000 prize for scooping the top award.
Gitanjali因为拿下了本次最高奖项，从而获得了一笔2.5万美元的奖金。
Chinese exports rose at more than twice the rate expected in November, boosting the country’s trade surplus.
11月，中国的出口总值增速是预期的2倍多，这增加了中国的贸易顺差。
The dollar value of outbound shipments from China rose 12.3 per cent year on year in November, lifting from a revised pace of 6.8 per cent in October, and smashing a median forecast of 5 per cent from economists polled by Reuters.
以美元值计，11月中国的出口总值同比上升12.3%，比10月的出口总值同比增速6.9%有所提高，高于路透社(Reuters)调查的经济学家给出的预测中值5%。
Import growth lifted year-on-year to a pace of 17.7 per cent for the period, up from 17.2 per cent a month earlier and beating an expected rate of 11.3 per cent.
以美元值计，11月中国的进口总值同比上升17.7%，比10月的17.2%高，高于11.3%的预期增速。
Those trade flows, published by the General Administration of Customs, resulted in China’s trade surplus rising than $2bn to $40.2bn, surpassing October’s revised figure of $38.2bn and well ahead of September’s revised six-month low of $28.6b. November’s trade surplus was also ahead of the $35bn forecast by economists.
根据中国海关总署发布的数据，这些进出口贸易使11月中国的贸易顺差比10月的贸易顺差382亿美元提高20亿美元，至402亿美元，远超9月份的6个月低点286亿美元。11月的贸易差额也超过了经济学家预期的350亿美元。
Julian Evans-Pritchard, China economist at Capital Economics, commented:
凯投宏观(Capital Economics)中国经济学家朱利安?埃文斯-普里查德(Julian Evans-Pritchard)评论道：“结果是，上个月中国的贸易看起来惊人强劲。在全球需求强劲的背景下，我们预期未来数月出口还将继续表现良好。”
The upshot is that Chinese trade looks to have been surprisingly strong last month. We expect exports to continue to perform well in the coming months on the back of strong global demand.
“然而，考虑到政策紧缩的延迟影响，以及房地产市场降温将在未来数个季度压制中国对大宗商品的需求，我们怀疑出口的增长势头是否还能维持下去。”
However, we are sceptical that the strength of imports can be sustained given that the delayed impact of policy tightening and a cooling property market are set to weigh on Chinese demand for commodities in coming quarters.
野村证券(Nomura)的分析师表示：“我们预期这一轮出口增长的反弹不会维持很长时间，未来数月增长势头将恢复温和，原因是人民币的升值可能弱化中国的出口竞争力，且即使习主席和特朗普总统近期在北京会面，发生贸易摩擦的潜在风险并未显著减轻。”
China's manufacturing sector last month expanded at the slowest pace since March.
中国官方采购经理人指数(PMI)显示，中国制造业活动出现了3月份以来的最慢扩张速度。与此同时，汇丰银行(HSBC)发布的正式PMI指数也出现了6个月内的最低读数。
The state-sponsored purchasing managers' index fell from 50.8 in October to 50.3 in November, the lowest reading since March. Any level above 50 indicates expansion.
中国官方PMI指数从10月份的50.8跌至11月份的50.3，这是3月份以来的最低读数。高于50的读数表示相关产业处于扩张之中。
The reading is just below economists' forecasts but it's not altogether surprising. When the People's Bank of China unexpectedly cut interest rates last month, some analysts said the move was likely a pre-emptive one and that a spate of weak data was likely ahead. Well, here it is.
该读数略低于经济学家的预期，不过总体上并不令人吃惊。上个月当中国央行(PBoC)出人意料地采取降息措施时，部分分析师就曾表示，此举可能是一种预防性措施，新出来的经济数据很可能较为疲弱。如今，事实正如他们的预期。
HSBC said its private reading of China's manufacturing sector was stagnant last month, confirming a "flash" estimate already published.
而汇丰银行(HSBC)则表示，上个月该行自己发布的中国制造业PMI指数显示出了制造业停止扩张的现象，从而确认了此前已发布的“预览版”估值。
The index fell from 50.4 in October to a six-month low of 50.0.
汇丰发布的正式PMI指数从10月份的50.4降至11月份的50.0，这是6个月内的最低读数。
The low reading was driven by a fall in the production component, whereas the forward-looking new orders component increased for a sixth straight month.
之所以会出现这一较低读数，是因为产量因素出现了下跌——尽管前瞻性新订单因素连续第6个月上升。
“Total new business increased at a modest pace that was little-changed from October. However, November data indicated that foreign demand continued to soften, with the latest expansion of new export business the slowest since June. ”
汇丰的报告表示：“总的新业务在以温和的幅度增长，这与10月份没什么不同。然而，11月的数据显示外国需求继续疲软，新增出口业务的扩张幅度是6月份以来最低的。”
HSBC economist Hongbin Qu said the survey pointed to lost momentum in China's manufacturing sector: He expects Beijing to respond with measures to counteract the slowdown.
汇丰银行经济学家屈宏斌表示，汇丰银行的调查结果表明中国制造业正在失去增长势头，预计中国政府会采取措施对抗经济放缓。
“Domestic demand expanded at a sluggish pace while new export order growth eased to a five-month low ... We continue to expect further monetary and fiscal easing measures to offset downside risks to growth.”
他说：“国内需求增长太慢，而新增出口订单的增幅又放缓至5个月内的低点……我们依然预计（中国政府）会推出进一步货币和财政宽松举措，以抵消经济增长的下行风险。”
A private reading on China's manufacturing sector suggests the slowdown continued last month but that conditions had not worsened as much as in October. The Caixin-sponsored preliminary manufacturing PMI was 48.6 in November, versus expectations of 48.3. It had been 48.3 in October.
11月，由财新网(Caixin)赞助的中国制造业采购经理人指数(PMI)初值为48.6，高于预期的48.3。而10月份该读数则为48.3。读数显示上个月中国制造业活动在继续放缓，不过情况没有10月份那么糟糕。
It was last above 50 - the threshold separating contraction from expansion - in February.
该读数最后一次高于50是在2月份。对于该指数来说，是否高于50是区分制造业活动是扩张还是收缩的荣枯线。
The Caixin-sponsored series is based on a much smaller sample of private companies than the official PMI reading, which focuses on larger state enterprises, and tends to be more volatile.
这个由财新赞助的系列指数，是基于对民营企业的调查得出的，样本数目也比官方PMI指数少得多，往往波动性更大。相比之下，官方PMI指数则主要关注规模更大的国有企业。
However the prolonged period of contraction fits with the overall pattern of the slowing Chinese economy.
不过，漫长的收缩期也符合正在放缓的中国经济的总体趋势。
Less than an hour ago the official manufacturing PMI for November came in at 49.6, the fourth consecutive month of contraction and below the 49.8 reading economists were looking for. Analysts at ANZ said, in relation to that PMI series:“With soft growth momentum and deflation pressures creeping up, we expect the authorities to further ease monetary policy and continue to implement an expansionary fiscal policy in order to prevent further slowdown of the economy in 2016.”
在不到一小时前，11月中国官方制造业PMI指数公布，为49.6，是连续第四个月收缩，也低于经济学家49.8的预期。在谈到这一PMI指数时，澳新银行(ANZ)分析师表示：“由于增长势头疲软和通缩压力加剧，我们预计当局会进一步放宽货币政策并继续实施扩张性财政政策，以阻止经济在2016年进一步放缓。”
China’s foreign exchange reserves posted their third-largest monthly decline on record last month, central bank data showed yesterday, renewing worries about capital outflows after reserves had appeared to stabilise.
昨日发布的央行数据显示，中国外汇储备上月出现有记录以来第三大单月降幅。这重燃了人们对于中国遭遇资本外流的担忧，此前中国外汇储备似乎企稳。
Forex reserves fell $87bn in November, near the record $94bn decline suffered in August — the same month that the central bank surprised global markets by allowing the renminbi to depreciate by 3 per cent in three days.
11月中国外汇储备下降８７２．２３亿美元，接近8月下降940亿美元的纪录——该月中国央行出乎全球市场意料地允许人民币在三天里贬值4.6%。
China’s reserves have fallen for nine of 11 months this year and stand at $3.43tn, as investors sell renminbi assets to protect themselves against depreciation and the central bank sells dollars from its reserves to curb renminbi weakness. Falling interest rates in China and expectations of an imminent rate rise by the US Federal Reserve have also fuelled outflows. Reserves rebounded mildly in October, suggesting outflows had diminished.
中国外汇储备在今年前11个月中的9个月下降，目前约为3.43万亿美元。投资者抛售人民币资产以保护自己免受贬值影响，而央行出售外汇储备中的美元以遏止人民币弱势。中国利率不断下降，而美联储(Federal Reserve)预计很快将开始加息，也助燃了资本外流。中国外汇储备曾在10月轻微反弹，似乎表明外流已趋于停止。
China’s forex reserves — the world’s largest — have long been seen as the ultimate guarantor of financial stability, since they can be used to hedge against capital flight or to bail out domestic financial institutions struggling with a rise in bad debts.
中国拥有世界上最大的外汇储备，它一直被视为金融稳定的最终保障，因为外储可以被用来对冲资本外流，或纾困艰难应对坏账增加的国内金融机构。
The unprecedented declines have raised worries that the reserves could quickly evaporate if capital outflows continue and the central bank continues to defend the exchange rate. Most analysts believe the central bank will be forced to curtail its intervention in order to prevent further depletion of its reserves.
中国外汇储备出现史无前例的下跌，已经引发市场担心：如果资本外流持续下去，而央行继续捍卫汇率，外储可能迅速蒸发。多数分析师相信，中国央行将被迫缩减干预力度，以免外汇储备进一步枯竭。
The People’s Bank of China has long intervened in foreign-exchange markets to hedge against excessive volatility. Since August, however, such intervention has expanded from the domestic spot market, which covers daily transactions, to include the offshore renminbi market in Hong Kong, as well as both onshore and offshore futures markets, traders say.
中国人民银行(PBoC)干预外汇市场由来已久，目的是防止过度波动。不过，交易员们表示，自今年8月以来，这种干预已从国内即期市场（覆盖日常交易）扩大至包括香港的离岸人民币市场，以及在岸和离岸期货市场。
Following the devaluation in mid-August, the renminbi rallied in September and October. Devaluation resumed in November, however, and the renminbi closed at its weakest level in three months at 6.4082 to the dollar yesterday. “Since October many countries around China have experienced some capital outflow, and China has had its share,” said Xie Yaxuan, an economist at China Merchants Securities in Shenzhen. “The strengthening dollar is bound to cause some repositioning into dollar assets.”
继8月中旬贬值后，人民币在9月和10月有所上涨，但在11月再度走低，昨日人民币汇率收跌至三个月最疲弱水平，为1美元兑6.4082元人民币。“中国周边很多国家自10月份起经历了一些资本外流，中国也未能幸免，”深圳招商证券(China Merchants Securities)经济学家谢亚轩表示。“美元走强势必在一定程度上引发转投美元资产的行为。”
Ms Xie estimates that around 40 per cent of the decline in November — about $35bn — is attributable to valuation effects related to the weakening of the euro and other currencies against the dollar in November, rather than outflows.
谢亚轩估计，11月中国外储下降的大约40%（350亿美元左右）可归因于欧元和其他货币相对于美元走弱的估值影响，而不是资本外流。
Additional reporting by Ma Nan
Ma Nan补充报道
House prices in China continue to fall as investors shift focus from the property market into equities.
11月中国房地产价格继续下跌，因投资者把更多注意力从房地产市场转向股市。
China's National Bureau of Statistics said its property prices index for November showed that new home prices fell 3.7 per cent from a year ago, the third straight annual decline following readings of -2.6 per cent in October and -1.3 per cent in September.
中国国家统计局(NBS)周四表示，最新房地产价格指数显示，11月新房价格同比下跌3.7%，为连续第三个月同比下跌，10月和9月分别同比下跌2.6%和1.3%。
On the a monthly basis prices fell by an average 0.5 per cent.
11月房价环比平均下跌0.5%。
Annual prices had been rising as much as 9.6 per cent at the start of this year but they've cooled since then as the economy slows and many mid-sized Chinese cities suffer from a glut of apartments.
中国房价在今年初曾以9.6%的同比增速快速上涨，但此后随着经济放缓以及很多中等规模城市遭遇房产供应过剩，房价一直在下跌。
China's property companies have been escalating promotional efforts and cutting prices in a bid to maintain sales volumes.
中国房地产公司一直在加大促销力度和降价，以保持销量。
Meanwhile, in recent months mainland investors have been rapidly owning equity trading accounts and putting money into the stock market. The Shanghai Composite has become the region's best performing index, rising nearly 45 per cent year to date.
与此同时，最近几个月，中国内地投资者一直在迅速开设股票交易账户并将资金投入股市。上证综指已成为亚洲今年表现最佳的股指，今年迄今已累计上涨近45%。
The dollar value of China’s exports and imports grew in November after two months of contraction and in the face of a rally by the greenback that followed last month’s US presidential election.
11月份以美元计算的中国出口和进口额都增加了，此前它们经历了两个月的收缩，而且这一增长是在上月美国总统选举后美元升值背景下实现的。
Imports grew 6.7 per cent year-on-year to $152.2bn after falling 1.4 per cent the previous month, according to China’s General Administration of Customs, defying a median forecast predicting contraction would worsen to 1.9 per cent.
根据中国海关总署(General Administration of Customs)的数据，在经历了此前一个月的同比下跌1.4%之后，11月份中国的进口同比增长6.7%，至1522亿美元，远高于同比收缩1.9%的预测中值。
That growth in the value of inbound shipments came despite a strengthening dollar that drove up costs for importers. Import growth valued in local currency terms reflected that relative weakness with a rise of 13 per cent in November.
进口价值的增长是在强势美元推高进口商成本的情况下实现的。11月份以人民币计算的进口增长幅度则为同比增长13%，反映了人民币的相对弱势。
Exports had risen in renminbi terms last month as well, up 5.9 per cent. But when valued in dollars they grew only 0.1 per cent year on year to $196.8bn. Still, that was well above expectations of a 5 per cent fall after contraction had softened somewhat in October to 7.3 per cent.
11月份以人民币计算的出口也同样上升了，同比上升5.9%。不过，若以美元计算，同比增幅则只有0.1%，达到1968亿美元。不过，这仍然大大超过了下滑5%的预期。在之前的10月份，出口同比跌幅曾为7.3%，跌势有所缓和。
That brought the balance of trade to $49.06bn, down about $4.3bn from November and coming in about $2.3bn lower than forecast.
这让11月份的贸易顺差达到446.1亿美元，比10月份减少约44.5亿美元，低于预期。
Much of the boost in exports came from shipments to the US, which grew for the first time since March at an annualised rate of 6.9 per cent to $36.8bn. Among other destinations that swung back to growth last month was the the EU, shipments to which rose 5.1 per cent to $29.9bn, as did those to Japan, by 3.2 per cent to $12.2bn.
出口的提振在很大程度上源自对美出口，其价值自3月份以来首次出现同比增长，同比增6.9%，至368亿美元。在其他出口目的地中，对欧盟出口同比增长5.1%，至299亿美元，对日本出口同比增长3.2%，至122亿美元。
Exports to both South Korea and Asean countries fell by about 3 per cent, however, while those to re-exporter Hong Kong dropped by more than 16 per cent.
不过，对韩国和东盟(Asean)国家的出口都下滑了约3%，而对香港的转口贸易下滑幅度逾16%。
重点单词
查看全部解释
senior
['si:nj?]
想一想再看
adj. 年长的，高级的，资深的，地位较高的
联想记忆
X
单词senior 联想记忆：
sen年老+ior表形容词，“较…的”→年长的
retreat
[ri'tri:t]
想一想再看
n. 休息寓所，撤退，隐居
v. 撤退，向后倾
联想记忆
X
单词retreat 联想记忆：
re反，treat＝tract拉－拉回－撤退
decline
[di'klain]
想一想再看
n. 衰微，跌落; 晚年
v. 降低，婉谢
speculative
['spekju.l?tiv]
想一想再看
adj. 推测的，推理的，思索的，投机的
property
['pr?p?ti]
想一想再看
n. 财产，所有物，性质，地产，道具
联想记忆
X
单词property 联想记忆：
proper拥有+ty→财产；所有物；特性
purchase
['p?:ts]
想一想再看
vt. 买，购买
n. 购买，购买的物品
mortgage
['m?:gid?]
想一想再看
n. 按揭，抵押贷款
vt. 抵押
联想记忆
X
单词mortgage 联想记忆：
mort=death死+gage抵押品→抵押品不能动，像死一样→抵押(品)
contain
[k?n'tein]
想一想再看
vt. 包含，容纳，克制，抑制
vi. 自制
联想记忆
X
单词contain 联想记忆：
con全部，tain拿－全部拿住－包含
institute
['institju:t]
想一想再看
n. 学会，学院，协会
vt. 创立，开始，制
联想记忆
X
单词institute 联想记忆：
in进入，stitute站，建立－站进去；进入建立的状态－创立
slew
[slu:]
想一想再看
n. 沼地，极多，回转 n. 大量，许多 v. 使转，扭
联想记忆
X
单词slew 联想记忆：
slew是slow慢慢聚集的
Accelerating price growth for new housing in cities across China lost more steam in November amid a flurry of purchasing curbs in major cities, though price gains from a year earlier remained comfortably in double-digit territory.
11月份，由于大中城市实施了一波限购措施，中国全国城市新建住宅价格加速上涨的趋势失去了更多动力，尽管价格同比涨幅仍轻松维持在两位数的水平。
The average price for new residential housing rose 12.6 per cent in November year on year, according to a weighted average from Reuters based on data for 70 major cities published by the National Bureau of Statistics. That is up just 0.3 percentage points from October, whereas previous months had frequently seen jumps of 1 or 2 percentage points at a time.
路透社(Reuters)以中国国家统计局发布的70个大中城市的数据为基础，计算得出的加权平均值显示，新建住宅均价同比上涨12.6%，涨幅较10月份仅高了0.3个百分点，而前几个月经常一下子出现一两个百分点的跃升。
In month-on-month terms prices rose only 0.6 per cent nationwide, the first time growth fell below one percentage point in three months and well down from a peak of 2.1 per cent in September.
全国而言，价格环比涨幅仅为0.6%，是三个月来涨幅首次低于1%，比9月份2.1%的涨幅高点也低了不少。
Countrywide, month-on-month prices rose in 59 out of 70 cities last month – down from 62 – were unchanged in four and fell in eleven. Cities where prices fell from the previous month included Shenzhen (down 0.3 per cent), Hangzhou (down 0.4 per cent) and Xiamen (down 0.2 per cent).
上月，在全国70个大中城市中，新建商品住宅价格环比上涨的有55个，价格持平的有4个，价格下跌的有11个。环比下跌的城市包括深圳（下跌0.3%）、杭州（下跌0.4%）和厦门（下跌0.2%）。
But in year-on-year terms Xiamen prices grew at the second-fastest rate of 43.9 per cent, outdone only by Hefei, capital of Anhui province, which grew 47.6 per cent. Annualised prices once again rose in 65 cities and fell in five, suggesting that while the cost of housing may not be escalating as quickly as before, it remains widespread and relatively resilient.
但同比而言，厦门涨幅为43.9%，排在第二位，仅落后于安徽省会合肥，后者为47.6%。65个城市同比上涨，5个城市同比下跌，这表明虽然房价可能不会像以前一样迅速攀升，但上涨仍然具有普遍性而且较有韧性。
The slower acceleration also tracks with trends in real estate investment, which felt a (slight) bite from property purchasing curbs in top-tier cities last month as nation-wide sales also decelerated in both volume and value terms.
涨幅放慢也与房地产投资变化趋势吻合。上月，一二线城市的限购措施对房地产投资造成了（些许）冲击，全国范围内的房产成交量和成交金额的增速也有所减缓。
Call Me By Your Name
《请以你的名字呼唤我》
André Aciman’s 2007 novel has spawned a big screen adaptation that’s among the most acclaimed films of the year. Up-and-coming 21-year-old actor Timothée Chalamet plays a young man living in Italy who has a passionate affair with an older academic (Armie Hammer). When it premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January, BBC Culture critic Sam Adams awarded Call Me By Your Name five stars and praised Chalamet and Hammer’s chemistry, the lush photography of the sun-kissed Italian setting, and the particular nuance and depth of the script. It will be a major Academy Awards contender. Released November 24 in the US. (Credit: Sony Pictures Classics)
安德烈?艾席蒙2007年的小说改编成的这部电影是今年最受赞誉的电影之一。刚刚崭露头角的21岁演员蒂莫西?柴勒梅德饰演一个住在意大利的年轻人，他和比他年长的艾米?汉莫饰演的大学生发生了一段火热的恋情。这部电影今年一月份在圣丹斯电影节上首映后，BBC文化评论员山姆?亚当斯就给该电影打了五星，并盛赞了柴勒梅德和汉莫之间的“火花”，摄影师镜头下阳光灿烂的意大利美景，微妙的细节和剧本的深度。该片将是最有希望争夺奥斯卡奖的电影之一，定于11月24日在美国上映。（资料来源：索尼经典电影公司）
Thor: Ragnarok
《雷神3：诸神黄昏》
Until now Thor has been the neglected child of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Though some liked Kenneth Branagh’s first film featuring the god of thunder, Chris Hemsworth was arguably overshadowed by Tom Hiddleston’s preening popinjay of a villain, Loki. And the second film, the humourless Thor: The Dark World, is widely regarded as the worst film released by Marvel Studios to date. So to inject new life into this sagging franchise, Marvel brought in New Zealand comedy auteur Taiki Waititi to add some Kiwi quirk. This time Thor faces down the goddess of death, played by Cate Blanchett. Thor may have the hammer, but she has the attitude. Released November 1 in Serbia and Hungary, November 2 in Cambodia and Israel and November 3 in India and Canada. (Credit: Marvel Studios)
到目前为止雷神一直是漫威电影宇宙被遗忘的那个孩子。尽管有些人喜欢肯尼思?布莱纳执导的《雷神》第一部，但主演克里斯?海姆斯沃斯的风头显然被汤姆?希德勒斯顿饰演的自负反派洛基给盖过了。《雷神》第二部被公认为漫威有史以来最糟的电影。所以，为了给这个走下坡路的系列注入新活力，漫威在拍第三部时请来了新西兰喜剧电影导演泰卡瓦蒂蒂，给电影增加一些新西兰人的奇思妙想。这一次雷神要降服的对手是由凯特?布兰切特饰演的死神。雷神也许有锤子，但死神有气派。影片于11月1日在塞尔维亚和匈牙利上映，11月2日在柬埔寨和以色列上映，11月3日在印度和加拿大上映。（资料来源：漫威影业）
Murder on the Orient Express
《东方快车谋杀案》
Every great detective needs his or her definitive story. For Sherlock Holmes it was The Hound of the Baskervilles. For Agatha Christie’s fussy Belgian sleuth Hercule Poirot it’s Murder on the Orient Express – a tale in which a bloodthirsty villain kills a wealthy businessman during a train journey through the Balkans. Or are things really what they seem? Sidney Lumet made a beloved film out of the story in 1974, with a stunning cast that included Sean Connery, Ingrid Bergman and Albert Finney as Poirot. Now Kenneth Branagh is donning the Belgian’s moustache himself, as well as stepping behind the camera as director, in his glossy new big-screen version, starring Johnny Depp, Daisy Ridley, Michelle Pfeiffer, Penelope Cruz and Dame Judi Dench. Is there something new that can be mined from this story? Maybe. But even if not, Christie fans will surely want to climb aboard. Released November 3 in the UK, November 10 in the US, China and Turkey, and November 30 in China's Hong Kong and Singapore. (Credit: 20th Century Fox)
每个伟大的侦探都需要专属于自己的经典故事。对于福尔摩斯而言，这个故事是《巴斯克维尔的猎犬》。对于阿加莎?克里斯蒂笔下龟毛的比利时侦探赫克尔?波洛而言，这个故事是《东方快车谋杀案》——故事讲述了一个嗜血的恶棍在驶向巴尔干半岛的列车上杀死了一个有钱的商人。真相果真是如此吗？西德尼?吕美特曾在1974年将该故事拍成了一部备受喜爱的电影，强大的演员阵容包括肖恩?康纳利、英格丽?褒曼和阿尔伯特?芬尼（饰演侦探波洛）。如今肯尼思?布拉纳自己戴上了侦探波洛的大胡子，披挂上阵，同时又担当幕后导演。这部新版电影的演员有约翰尼?德普、黛西?雷德利、米歇尔?菲佛、佩内洛佩?克鲁斯和朱迪?丹奇。这个故事还能挖掘出什么新内容呢？也许会有。不过，即使没有，阿婆的粉丝也肯定会去看。这部电影将于11月3日在英国上映，11月10日在美国、中国和土耳其上映，11月30日在中国香港和新加坡上映。（资料来源：二十世纪福克斯电影公司）
Coco
《寻梦环游记》
In an industry enthralled to rehashed stories that strike a familiar chord with audiences, give Pixar credit for often trying something new and pushing their viewers into uncharted territories. Coco, directed by Toy Story 3’s Lee Unkrich, has a visual look based around Mexico’s Dia de los Muertos (Day of the Dead). It’s about a young boy named Miguel who idolises legendary guitar player Ernesto de la Cruz and wants to learn how to play as well as he could. So he goes on a transformative odyssey of self-discovery into the realm of the dead to find his long-deceased idol and learn some lessons about the nature of creativity and originality. Whether it can reach the heights of Pixar’s 2015 masterpiece Inside Out remains to be seen, but Coco should surely be a feast for the eyes. Released November 15 in France, November 22 in the US, Croatia and the Philippines, and November 30 in Israel. (Credit: Disney-Pixar)
在动画电影行业执迷于翻拍让观众有共鸣的老故事时，皮克斯却总能尝试新事物，把观众带到从未踏足的新领域。《寻梦环游记》由《玩具总动员3》导演李?昂克里奇执导，该片的视觉效果基于墨西哥的亡灵节。故事讲述了一个名叫米格尔的小男孩崇拜传奇吉他手欧内斯托?德?拉?克鲁兹，想学习如何能弹奏得和他一样好。于是他就像奥德赛一样踏上了改造性的自我发现之旅，进入死亡之地寻找那位已去世多年的偶像，还受到了一些关于创造力本质的教导。《寻梦环游记》是否能达到皮克斯2015年杰作《头脑特工队》的高度尚未可知，但这部电影绝对是一场视觉盛宴。该片将于11月15日在法国上映，11月22日在美国、克罗地亚和菲律宾上映，11月30日在以色列上映。（资料来源：迪士尼/皮克斯）
Paddington 2
《帕丁顿熊2》
Next year will be the 60th anniversary of the beloved talking bear. And to mark the occasion, Paul King, who directed 2014’s critical and commercial smash, simply titled Paddington, is back for this sequel. In a time where even children’s entertainments are suffused with darkness and violence, this quiet celebration of the everyday English is needed more than ever. The plot of this film? Well, not much really: following the events of the last film, Paddington is quite comfortably installed with the Brown family of Windsor Gardens. He wants to buy a pop-up book for his aunt from a local bookseller, but finding himself a few quid short he puts on his wellies and duffel coat and finds employment in various odd jobs – only to have the book stolen from the shop! A (not so serious) mystery begins. Expect many more jokes about Paddington’s love of marmalade. Released in the UK November 10, November 23 in Germany and November 30 in Cambodia and Malaysia. (Credit: StudioCanal)
明年就是这只会说话的萌熊诞生60周年了。为了纪念帕丁顿熊诞生60周年，曾执导2014年口碑和票房都大获成功的电影《帕丁顿熊》的保罗?金回归续集担任导演。在当前这个连儿童娱乐节目都充斥着黑暗和暴力的时代，我们比以往任何时候都需要这种安静地讲述英国普通人生活的片子。这部新电影的情节？事实上，没有太多情节：根据上部电影的结尾，帕丁顿熊现在和温莎花园的布朗一家舒适地生活在一起。他想从一个当地的书商那里给他的姨妈买一本立体书，但发现自己还差几英镑，于是他就穿上了自己的长筒雨靴和粗呢连帽外套，并找到了几份兼职工作——结果却发现这本书在书店被偷了！神秘的破案之旅（其实也没那么严重）就此开始。你在电影中还可以看到关于“橘子酱控”帕丁顿熊的更多笑话。该片将于11月10日在英国上映，11月23日在德国上映，11月30日在柬埔寨和马来西亚上映。（资料来源：欧映嘉纳）
Good Time
《好时光》
Have any franchise-leading duo reinvented themselves as spectacularly as Twilight’s Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson? Both have become art-house mainstays. Pattinson’s latest Good Time, keeps going his recent pattern of looking fairly unrecognisable. After he transformed himself with shaggy beard and spectacles in The Lost City of Z he now has bleach-blond hair as a bank robber who tries to pull off the perfect heist in New York City, only to get his younger brother (Ben Safdie), who suffers from a developmental disability, arrested for the crime. He tries to use the money he stole to post his brother’s bail, but complications ensue. Many complications. In addition to appearing as the younger brother, Safdie co-directs the film with his own brother Josh Safdie, and Good Time was selected to compete for the Palme d’Or at Cannes. Released November 3 in Japan, November 17 in the UK and Ireland and November 23 in Greece. (Credit: A24)
还有哪对系列电影的荧幕情侣可以像《暮光之城》的克里斯汀?斯图尔特和罗伯特?帕丁森这样成功开创戏路呢？两个人都成为了影坛名角。帕丁森在最新作品《好时光》中延续了他近年来这种让人几乎认不出的造型风格。在《迷失Z城》中，他把自己打扮成胡子蓬乱的眼镜男，如今他又把头发染成亚麻色，变身为一个试图在纽约完美做案，结果却让患有发育性残疾的弟弟（本?萨弗迪饰）被捕的银行抢劫犯。他试图用盗取的钱来给弟弟交保释金，结果麻烦接踵而至。很多的麻烦。除了饰演弟弟一角外，本?萨弗迪还和自己的哥哥约书亚?萨弗迪共同执导了这部电影。《好时光》入围了今年戛纳电影节的主竞赛单元，参与角逐金棕榈奖。该片于11月3日在日本上映，11月17日在英国和爱尔兰上映，11月23日在希腊上映。（资料来源：A24制片公司）
The Killing of a Sacred Deer
《圣鹿之死》
No one since Michael Haneke has enjoyed cinematically dissecting social conventions as much as Greek film-maker Yorgos Lanthimos. His The Lobster took Cannes by storm two years ago with its scathing look at a society that turns adults into animals if they cannot find a romantic partner within 45 days – it was our world but pushed toward the outermost limits of groupthink and conformity. Now he’s back with The Killing of a Sacred Deer, a domestic thriller about a surgeon (Colin Farrell) and his wife (Nicole Kidman), also a doctor, who befriends a fatherless teen named Martin. The boy seems determined to expose the family’s secrets and unmask a terrible trauma from their past. Is this film about how domestic (and perhaps societal) tranquility sometimes depends on shared, agreed-upon lies? Either way, prepare to be unnerved. Released November 9 in Denmark, November 16 in Russia and November 30 in China's Hong Kong. (Credit: A24)
自迈克尔?哈内克之后，再没有人像希腊导演欧格斯?兰斯莫斯那样喜欢在电影作品中解剖社会习俗了。两年前，他的电影《龙虾》用其看待社会的辛辣视角完全征服了戛纳电影节。在《龙虾》描述的社会中，如果成年人无法在45天内寻找到一个爱侣，就会变成动物——这也是我们的世界，只是将集体思维和从众性推向了最大的极限。如今他又带着新作《圣鹿之死》回归，这是关于一个外科医生（科林?法瑞尔饰）和他的妻子（妮可?基德曼饰）的家庭惊悚电影。这位妻子也是一个医生，她像朋友一样对待没有父亲的少年马丁。马丁似乎决心暴露这个家庭的秘密，并揭开这对夫妻过去的一段可怕的创伤。这部电影想表达的难道是家庭（也有可能是社会）的平静有时候依赖于共享商定的谎言？不管是不是，准备好接受惊吓吧。该片将于11月9日在丹麦上映，11月16日在俄罗斯上映，11月30在中国香港上映。（A24制片公司）
China's economy grew last month, according to a closely-monitored PMI series - which indicated growth for the first time in four months.
受到密切关注的财新(Caixin)采购经理人指数(PMI)系列调查显示，该指数在四个月来首次显示扩张趋势。这一结果表明，上个月中国经济活动出现了增长。
The Caixin-sponsored composite PMI for November came in at 50.5, the first time it had broken through the 50-mark separating contraction from expansion since July.
11月份，财新赞助的中国综合PMI指数读数为50.5。这是自7月份以来，该指数首次超过50这个区分收缩和扩张的荣枯线。
It had hit a record low of 48 in September, and was 49.9 in October.
今年9月，该指数曾跌至48这个创纪录低点，10月份该读数则为49.9。
He Fan, economist at Caixin, said:“This shows that the macro economy has moved further toward stable growth and the economic structure is improving. Future fiscal and monetary policies must be coordinated and large-scale stimulus should be avoided as much as possible.”
财新经济学家何帆表示：“这表明宏观经济已进一步趋稳，经济结构正在改善。今后必须协调财政政策和货币政策，尽可能避免大规模刺激。”
The Caixin-sponsored series is based on a much smaller sample of private companies than the official PMI reading, which focuses on larger state enterprises, and tends to be more volatile.
与官方PMI指数相比，财新赞助的系列调查的样本是数目少得多的民营企业，其结果的波动性往往更大。而官方PMI指数则主要关注规模更大的国有企业。
Meanwhile the services PMI reading for the month was 51.2. It had been 52 in October. The manufacturing PMI, reported earlier this week, came in at 48.6 in November, versus expectations of 48.3. It had been 48.3 in October
同时，11月服务业PMI指数是51.2。此前的10月份该指数为52。本周早些时候报出的11月份制造业PMI指数为48.6，高于48.3的预期。10月份该指数则为48.3。
China’s largest online peer-to-peer lender, Lufax, is seeking $1bn in new funding at a valuation of $15bn-$20bn, as growth continues to surge across the internet finance sector.
中国互联网金融行业继续保持快速增长的节奏。作为国内最大的个人对个人(P2P)网贷平台，陆金所(Lufax)正在寻求10亿美元的新融资，这将使其估值达到150亿至200亿美元。
If successful, the funding would underline the rapid growth of the sector this year. In April, Lufax raised $500m at a $10bn valuation.
如果陆金所成功完成此轮融资，将可凸显出该行业今年以来增长有多快。该公司刚在4月融资5亿美元，公司估值在当时达到100亿美元。
Online banking and P2P lending has developed rapidly in China amid a push by Beijing to expand financing for consumers and small businesses. Upwards of 2,000 companies operate in China’s P2P lending milieu.
在政府鼓励扩大对消费者和小企业融资的背景下，中国网上银行及P2P贷款行业迅速发展。目前中国P2P贷款领域有超过2000家公司。
Lufax is the largest, a subsidiary of China’s Ping An Insurance, which is Lufax’s largest shareholder.
陆金所是最大的一家。它是中国平安保险(Ping An Insurance)的子公司，平安也是陆金所最大的股东。
Others are Ouyeel, a unit of Shanghai Baosteel Group that provides financing for steel traders; and Small Entrepreneur, part of China Merchants Bank — the country’s sixth-largest lender — which focuses on wealth management.
其他机构有宝钢集团(Shanghai Baosteel Group)旗下为钢材交易商提供融资的欧冶云商(Ouyeel)、中国第六大银行招商银行(China Merchants Bank)旗下专注财富管理领域的小企业e家(Small Entrepreneur)等。
P2P lending has grown quickly in the past two years, with loans outstanding reaching Rmb209bn by the end of June, according to E-Lending House.
近两年P2P贷款行业迅速发展。根据E-Lending House，截至6月底，该行业未清偿贷款达2090亿元人民币。
In addition to the growth in P2P lending, a number of online banks and lenders have been created this year — such as Tencent’s Webank, Alibaba’s Mybank and Ant Financial’s Sesame Credit.
除了P2P贷款领域发展迅速以外，今年还涌现出一些网络银行和贷款机构——比如腾讯(Tencent)的微众银行(WeBank)、阿里巴巴(Alibaba)的网商银行(Mybank)，以及蚂蚁金融(Ant Financial)的芝麻贷(Sesame Credit)。
The government is keen to encourage lending to small and medium-sized borrowers, many of whom do not have credit histories. Analysts estimate the number of Chinese consumers who are financially active but without access to credit to be 500m.
中国政府鼓励向中小规模的借款人放贷，其中很多贷款者没有信用纪录。分析师预计，在金融上表现活跃但没有信贷渠道的中国消费者有5亿之多。
Lufax, which started four years ago has emerged as the leader due to innovative credit rating techniques.
凭借创新性的信用评级技术，4年前创办的陆金所已经发展成为行业的领头羊。
In P2P lending, borrowers are matched with investors, who are encouraged to put their money into the loans due to higher returns than they could get at state banks.
在P2P贷款领域，借款方被与投资者匹配，后者被鼓励将钱投入放贷，因为他们所得到的回报高于国有银行利息。
However, the state is also wary of the fast growth in online finance, which is largely unregulated and the risks of systemic crises may be high. Since 2007, 370 P2P lending platforms have failed in China, of which 270 failed in the past year, according to research by Morgan Stanley and Wangdaizhijia, a Chinese research group.
然而，国家也很警惕网络金融的快速发展，该领域基本不受监管，发生系统性危机的风险可能会很高。据摩根士丹利(Morgan Stanley)和中国研究机构“网贷之家”的调查显示，自2007年以来，中国有370家P2P贷款平台倒闭，其中270家是在过去的一年中倒闭的。
In July, the government made the first stab at regulating internet finance when 10 agencies, including the central bank, the banking regulator and the securities regulator jointly issued guidelines that provide an official definition of “internet finance” and specify which agencies are responsible for regulating which types of internet financial institutions.
7月，中国政府首次尝试规范互联网金融，央行、银监会、证监会等10家机构联合发布指导意见，提出了“互联网金融”的官方定义，并明确了各机构负责监管的互联网金融机构类型。
Estimates for the size of the industry vary but Goldman Sachs figures suggest that sector loans grew from Rmb6bn to Rmb83bn between 2012 and 2014.
对于该行业规模有多大，众说纷纭，但高盛(Goldman Sachs)的数据表明，在2012至2014年期间，该行业的贷款规模从60亿元人民币增长至830亿元。
An independent gauge of China’s manufacturing sector edged lower in November, suggesting an uptick in activity at state-run companies did not extend to smaller and privately-owned factories.
一家非官方机构出具的中国制造业衡量指标在11月下降，表明国有企业的业务增长并未扩展到规模较小和私营的工厂。
The Caixin-Markit manufacturing purchasing managers’ index dipped to 50.8 in November, down from 51 in October and coming closer to the 50-point threshold that delineates expansion from contraction. A median forecast from economists polled by Reuters had predicted a fall to 50.9.
11月，财新-Markit制造业采购经理人指数(PMI)从10月的51%降至50.8%，接近区分扩张和收缩的50%大关。此前，路透社(Reuters)对经济学家进行调查得出的预测中值曾预计，制造业PMI将降至50.9%。
The dip to the lowest level in five months came as some companies surveyed for the gauge noted that stricter environmental policies – intended to curb the toxic haze that descends upon much of China each winter – had restricted expansion.
制造业PMI降至5个月以来的最低水平，是由于受访企业表示，更严格的环保政策限制了业务扩张。这些政策旨在遏制每年冬天笼罩中国大部分地区的有毒烟雾。
Total growth in new orders softened as new export orders rose at about the same pace as a month prior. But job shedding quickened, while input price growth edged lower and prices charged to clients picked up slightly.
由于新出口订单增幅与上月基本持平，新订单总量增长趋缓。但就业流失加速，投入品价格增幅收窄，企业对客户收取的价格略有回升。
The dip for the Caixin gauge, which concentrates on smaller and private manufacturers, stands in contrast to a pickup for China’s official manufacturing PMI, which focuses primarily on large, state-owned enterprises. The divergence may indicate that smaller outfits have been hit harder by pollution curbs and other regulatory tightening than their larger, state-run competitors, which also enjoy privileged access to state-run lenders.
关注规模较小和私营制造企业的财新制造业PMI下降，而主要关注规模较大和国有企业的官方制造业PMI指数同期出现上升。这种分歧可能表明，比起规模较大和国营的企业，较小的企业受污染限制和其他监管收紧的冲击更为严重。前者还享受国有银行的优惠待遇。
A separate Caixin PMI tracking growth in China’s services sector is slated for release on Tuesday.
追踪中国服务业增长的财新PMI指数将于下周二发布。
Drivers of China's online ride-hailing services will be required to hold a license by passing exams in November.
今年11月，我国网约车司机将须通过考试获得从业资格证。
Unlicensed drivers who engage in the services will face a fine ranging from 10 thousand yuan ($1,500) to 30 thousand yuan ($4,500).
无从业资格的司机从事网约车服务将面临1万（折合1500美元）至3万元（折合4500美元）的罚款。
Those with 3-years of driving experience and no records of traffic accident crimes, dangerous driving, drugs or drink driving will be allowed to take examinations for online-driving services.
那些具有3年驾驶经历，无重大交通事故、危险驾驶、吸毒、酒驾记录的司机将可参加网约车考试。
The requirements come from one of two newly issued regulations over the taxi and online ride-hailing services by China's transportation authority. The regulations will take effect in October and November respectively.
这一要求出自我国交通部近日发布的关于出租车、网约车服务的两项新规其中的一项。两项新规将分别于今年10月、11月生效。
The regulations also specifically stipulate the taxi services.
该新规还专门针对出租车服务作出规定。
For example, taxi drivers who take a detour or refuse passengers can also be fined a maximum of 2,000 yuan.
例如，绕路或拒载的司机或面临最高2000元的罚款。
重点单词
查看全部解释
jail
[d?eil]
想一想再看
n. 监牢，监狱，拘留所
vt. 监禁，下狱
intentionally
[in'tennli]
想一想再看
adv. 有意地，故意地
spread
[spred]
想一想再看
v. 伸展，展开，传播，散布，铺开，涂撒
n.
revision
[ri'vi?in]
想一想再看
n. 校订，修正，修订本，复习
联想记忆
X
单词revision 联想记忆：
revis修正+ion→修正，校订本
criminal
['kriminl]
想一想再看
adj. 犯罪的，刑事的，违法的
n. 罪犯
联想记忆
X
单词criminal 联想记忆：
crime罪行+al表名词，“人，物，状态”→犯罪分子
social
['s?ul]
想一想再看
adj. 社会的，社交的
n. 社交聚会
severe
[si'vi?]
想一想再看
adj. 剧烈的，严重的，严峻的，严厉的，严格的
联想记忆
X
单词severe 联想记忆：
severe的人总是sever
vigilance
['vid?il?ns]
想一想再看
n. 警戒，警惕
联想记忆
X
单词vigilance 联想记忆：
vigil醒着的+ance表名词，“性质，状况”→警惕
amendment
[?'mendm?nt]
想一想再看
n. 改善(正), 修正案，某物质能改善土壤有助生长
联想记忆
X
单词amendment 联想记忆：
ment补，修－修改
surrogate
['s?r?git]
想一想再看
n. 代理人，代用品，替身，继母
联想记忆
X
单词surrogate 联想记忆：
sur下面+rog要求…要求做下去…代理+ate表名词，“人或地位”→代理人，代替品
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
重点单词
查看全部解释
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
tunnel
['t?nl]
想一想再看
n. 隧道，地道
v. 挖隧道，挖地道
联想记忆
X
单词tunnel 联想记忆：
tunn管道+el表名词，“人或物”→隧道
fatigue
[f?'ti:g]
想一想再看
n. 疲乏，疲劳，累活
adj. 疲劳的
<br
联想记忆
X
单词fatigue 联想记忆：
fat的人que缺乏锻炼就容易劳累
syndrome
['sindr?um]
想一想再看
n. 综合症，典型表现
联想记忆
X
单词syndrome 联想记忆：
syn＝same，drome一次流出－一次流出相同症状－综合症状syn＝same；drome＝drone（n 雄蜂；v 嗡嗡作声）－同样的症状嗡嗡的过来－综合症状
mold
[m?uld]
想一想再看
n. 模子，模型，类型，模式，雏型，真菌，软土
<br /
muscular
['m?skjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 肌肉的，肌肉发达的
联想记忆
X
单词muscular 联想记忆：
源于：muscle（n 肌肉）
stress
[stres]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，压力
v. 强调，着重
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
shorten
[':tn]
想一想再看
v. 弄短，变短
联想记忆
X
单词shorten 联想记忆：
short短+en表动词，“变成”→缩短
toxic
['t?ksik]
想一想再看
adj. 有毒的
n. 有毒物质
联想记忆
X
单词toxic 联想记忆：
tox毒，ic－有毒的
Intel
因特尔：新员工红地毯
Best Companies rank: 68
卓越雇主排名：68
Intel welcomes its new employees to the company by rolling out the red carpet -- literally -- once a quarter. During the first day of orientation, hires walk along a pathway lined with Intel Studios' photographers and videographers before introducing themselves onstage and receiving their welcome packages (and a round of applause from an audience of new colleagues).
每季度，英特尔（Intel）都会铺上红地毯，欢迎加入公司的新员工。在入职培训的第一天，每位新人都会受到摄影师和摄像师的夹道欢迎，上台做完自我介绍，新人们就能领取一份欢迎大礼包（还有周围新同事们的热烈掌声）。
Stryker
史赛克：免费医疗床
Best Companies rank: 61
卓越雇主排名：61
Considering Stryker's founder invented the turning frame -- a device that allows patients to be repositioned in bed while keeping their bodies immobile -- it only makes sense that this medical equipment manufacturer lends employees and their families medical beds, free of charge.
史赛克公司（Stryker）的创始人就是“翻身床”的发明者，借助这个设备，卧床的病人无需挪动身体就能改变在病床上的位置。顺其自然地，这家医疗设备制造商也向自家员工及其家属出借医疗床，分毫不收。
JM Family Enterprises
JM家庭企业公司：忠实员工奖励度假
Best Companies rank: 32
卓越雇主排名：32
Loyal employees of this auto services company are rewarded on their 10th anniversary -- and every five years after --with a weekend getaway at a resort in Boca Raton, Fla. (The company is headquartered just 15 minutes away.)
凡是这家汽车服务公司的忠实员工在效力满10年后，都可获得一份奖励：在佛罗里达州波卡拉顿的一处度假胜地欢度周末（此地距该公司总部仅15分钟车程）。这项福利此后每5年都可以享受一次。
Qualcomm
高通：农夫市集走进公司
Best Companies rank: 11
卓越雇主排名：11
Local farmers must love this wireless company as much as its employees do. Once a week, San Diego-based Qualcomm hosts a farmers market at two of its locations. Items sold range from traditional produce to jams and jellies. Employees with CSA veggie box subscriptions can pick up their produce packages at one of the HQ's cafés.
高通（Qualcomm）总部所在地的农民们肯定像它的雇员一样超爱这家无线电公司。每周，高通会在其总部圣地亚哥择址两处举办农夫市集。出售的商品从传统农产品到果酱、果冻无所不包。凡是订购了“社区支持农业”素食礼盒的高通雇员，在总部的一家咖啡馆即可轻松收货。
Hitachi Data Systems
日立数据系统：提升士气的狗狗节
Best Companies rank: 63
卓越雇主排名：63
The enterprise storage company boosts company morale by hosting a mid-summer "Dog Day". Employees bring their pets to work and enjoy a vendor fair (local groomers, store owners, and trainers are often present), as well as a doggie talent show. A raffle runs the week leading up to the event, and all proceeds are donated to a local animal charity.
每到仲夏时节，这家企业数据存储公司就会通过举办“狗狗节”来提升士气。员工此时可带着自己的宠物上班，欣赏宠物商品展销会，当地的宠物美容师、宠物商店老板以及驯兽师都会参展，还可以观赏狗狗才艺表演。在“狗狗节”前一周会有一场彩票抽奖活动，全部收入都将捐献给当地的动物慈善机构。
Plante Moran
普兰特?莫兰：甜食福利惹人馋
Best Companies rank: 25
卓越雇主排名：25
During the summers, Good Humor ice cream trucks visit the company's campuses every other Friday during lunchtime. In the fall, cider and doughnuts are served twice a month, mid-morning.
整个夏天，每隔一周，Good Humor冰淇淋卡车在周五午餐时就会拜访这家公司。而在秋季，公司每个月有两个上午会给大家提供苹果酒和甜甜圈。
Allianz
安联：小奥运会
Best Companies rank: 59
卓越雇主排名：59
Every four years, Allianz holds an international Olympics for its sports teams. The company covers the athletes' expenses and has an opening ceremony; in 2010, the games were held in Budapest with over 70 countries participating.
安联（Allianz）每4年会举办一次公司内部的国际奥林匹克运动会。所有运动员费用统一由公司负担，届时还有开幕式。2010年的“奥运会”在布达佩斯举办，有超过70个国家的运动员参与。
Google
谷歌：“遗嘱福利”
Best Companies rank: 1
卓越雇主排名：1
Though its campuses often steal the benefits spotlight -- with their outdoor sports facilities, free food and more -- there's a more morbid perk that should certainly be noted. If a U.S. Googler passes away while working for the tech giant, the employee's spouse or domestic partner receives 50% of the deceased's salary, no matter how long or short his tenure, every year for the next decade.
谈到谷歌总部，人们总会提到那些闪光点——丰富的户外运动设施、免费食品，以及其它数不清的福利。不过，下面要说的是另一项好得有些变态的福利。如果谷歌美国的某位员工在就职期间不幸身故，不管他为谷歌工作了多长时间，在之后十年里，其配偶或“伴侣”每年都可以继续领取该员工薪水的50%。
Dreamworks Animation
梦工厂：内部消费券
Best Companies rank: 12
卓越雇主排名：12
All employees receive a $25 monthly credit to the DreamWorks PrintCenters at the Glendale and Redwood City campuses. Charged only for supplies, the studio is able to offer inexpensive services that range from printing photographs to creating greeting cards and personalized calendars.
每个月，梦工厂（DreamWorks）的员工都能收到价值25美元的消费券，可在位于格伦代尔和雷德伍德城园区的“梦工厂打印中心”消费。由于只收取原材料费用，该工作室能以低价向员工提供各类服务，例如在贺卡上打印照片、制作个性化日历等。
Hilcorp Energy
Hilcorp Energy：能源公司的个性化奖励
Best Companies rank: 7
卓越雇主排名：7
Managers are able to reward their subordinates in unique, personalized ways thanks to the budget they receive from corporate. Two examples of past bonuses: free trail rides at an equestrian stadium and a barbeque with lassoing and horseshow throwing lessons.
由于预算充足，该公司的部门经理们可以用独一无二的个性化方式来奖励自己的下属。以下是两个曾给出的奖励：免费在马术训练场驰骋、附带套索和马术表演课程的烤肉野餐。
QuikTrip
QuikTrip：“糖果摊”
Best Companies rank: 66
卓越雇主排名：66
New employees at the company's Tulsa headquarters have little time to be shy: on their first days, they're seated at desks with a tub of candy. Colleagues often stop by and introduce themselves while grabbing a snack.
当新员工迈入QuikTrip位于塔尔萨的总部时，他们可没功夫去害羞：刚开始的几天，他们的办公桌上都摆着满满一大桶糖果。路过的同事常常停下来做自我介绍，顺手也抓块糖吃。
SAN ANTONIO DEL TACHIRA Venezuela (AP) — More than 100000 Venezuelans some of whom drove through the night in caravans crossed into Colombia over the weekend to hunt for food and medicine that are in short supply at home.
圣安东尼奥-委内瑞拉塔奇拉州（美联社）--周末，超过100000名委内瑞拉人到哥伦比亚寻找国内短缺的食物和药品，他们中有些人连夜驱车跟着商队前去。
It was the second weekend in a row that Venezuela's socialist government opened the long-closed border with Colombia and by 6 a.m. Sunday a line of would-be shoppers snaked through the entire town of San Antonio del Tachira. Some had traveled in chartered buses from cities 10 hours away.
这是连续第二个周末，委内瑞拉的社会主义政府开放与哥伦比亚长期封闭的边界，星期日上午6点，潜在的顾客们排成长蛇阵，穿过圣安东尼奥德尔塔奇拉整个小镇。有些人租了车，从10小时车程外的城市赶来。
Venezuela's government closed all crossings a year ago to crack down on smuggling along the 1378-mile (2219 kilometer) border. It complained that speculators were causing shortages by buying up subsidized food and gasoline in Venezuela and taking them to Colombia where they could be sold for far higher prices.
委内瑞拉政府一年前关闭了所有边境口岸，以打击长达1378英里（2219公里）边境沿线的走私活动。政府抱怨说，正是因为投机者在委内瑞拉购买了补贴的食品和汽油，并将他们带到哥伦比亚高价出售造成的短缺。
China Hyundai dealers seek up to $135 million compensation
中国现代经销商要求赔偿1.35亿美元
BEIJING: A group of Hyundai Motor Co dealers in China is seeking 800 million-900 million yuan ($120 million-135 million) in compensation from the South Korean automaker, saying Hyundai has cut the flow of models it exports to them, resulting in dealership losses and closures.
中国一群现代汽车经销商要求韩国现代汽车赔偿8-9亿元（1.2-1.35亿美元），称现代汽车削减了向他们出口的车型，导致经销商亏损严重。
The group’s leader, Wang Rongzhen, told Reuters on Wednesday that the automaker has scaled back the range of models it supplies to dealers in Hyundai imports in China, only consistently supplying one model, while steadily increasing car manufacturing in China.
现代中国经销商Wang Rongzhen7月20日向路透社指出，现代汽车已经缩减提供给中国进口经销商的产品阵容，仅提供一款车型供销售，而在中国国产的车型不断增加。
“We sell cars+ , if you don’t give us cars, naturally we won’t be able to go on, we’ll close,” Wang said in an interview, estimating import dealers are losing between 3 million and 10 million yuan a year each. The group seeking compensation represents 30 of the roughly 40 remaining imported Hyundai dealers in the country.
Wang Rongzhen在采访中表示，“我们就是要卖车，如果厂家不提供车型，我们就卖不下去了，也只能退网。”他估计经销商每年亏损300-1000万元。目前，现代汽车在中国有近40家进口经销商，其中30家经销商要求退网赔偿。
According to the China Auto Dealers Chamber of Commerce, which is helping to organise the dealers, Hyundai’s import-only dealer network has already halved in size since 2014.
全国工商联汽车经销商会数据显示，自2014年进口现代中国经销商网络已经缩减了一半。
重点单词
查看全部解释
charter
['t?ɑ:t?]
想一想再看
n. 宪章，特许，(船、机、车等的)租赁
vt
plane
[plein]
想一想再看
adj. 平的，与飞机有关的
n. 飞机，水平
commercial
[k?'m?:l]
想一想再看
adj. 商业的
n. 商业广告
联想记忆
X
单词commercial 联想记忆：
commerce商业+ial表形容词，“有…的”→商业的
amphibious
[?m'fibi?s]
想一想再看
adj. 具有双重性的，[生物]两栖的
demonstration
[.dem?n'strein]
想一想再看
n. 示范，实证，表达，集会
pilot
['pail?t]
想一想再看
n. 飞行员，领航员，引航员
vt. 领航，驾
联想记忆
X
单词pilot 联想记忆：
意大利语piloto“划浆""的变体→飞行员，领航员
flight
[flait]
想一想再看
n. 飞行，航班
n. 奇思妙想，一段楼
platform
['pl?tf?:m]
想一想再看
n. 平台，站台，月台，讲台，(政党的)政纲
联想记忆
X
单词platform 联想记忆：
plat平坦+form形状→形状平的地方→平台，月台
crew
[kru:]
想一想再看
n. 全体船员，全体乘务员，(一组)工作人员
<br
hub
[h?b]
想一想再看
n. 毂，木片，中心
重点单词
查看全部解释
amnesty
['?mnesti]
想一想再看
n. 大赦，特赦
联想记忆
X
单词amnesty 联想记忆：
a不，非，mnes记忆－不记仇－赦免
outrage
['autreid?]
想一想再看
n. 暴行，侮辱，愤怒
vt. 凌辱，激怒
联想记忆
X
单词outrage 联想记忆：
out出去.过时+rage怒气→怒气外露→粗暴,暴行
decision
[di'sin]
想一想再看
n. 决定，决策
core
[k?:]
想一想再看
n. 果心，核心，要点
vt. 挖去果核
discourse
['disk?:s,dis'k?:s]
想一想再看
n. 谈话，演讲
vi. 谈话，讲述
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词discourse 联想记忆：
dis离开，course跑，课程－离开课程需要毕业演讲
issue
['i?ju:]
想一想再看
n. 发行物，期刊号，争论点
vi. & vt
criminal
['kriminl]
想一想再看
adj. 犯罪的，刑事的，违法的
n. 罪犯
联想记忆
X
单词criminal 联想记忆：
crime罪行+al表名词，“人，物，状态”→犯罪分子
12306.cn, China's official website for purchasing railway tickets, has become the largest of this kind in the world, with combined sales reaching 3.5 billion in 2017.
我国火车票购票官网12306网站已成为世界最大火车票购票网站，2017年该网站交易总量达35亿张车票。
"If all these train tickets were lined up, they would circle the earth 7 times," said Zhu Jiansheng, deputy director of the Institute of Computing Technologies with the Chinese Academy of Railway Sciences, where the ticketing system was developed.
该车票系统由中国铁道科学研究院电子计算技术研究所研发。该研究所副所长朱建生称：“如果所有这些车票排列起来，可以绕地球7圈。”
Since its launch in 2010, the 12306 ticketing system has been upgraded many times to fix bugs and provide better service during the Spring Festival travel rush, or Chunyun.
自从2010年开通运营以来，12306票务系统已多次升级以修复漏洞，并在春运期间提供更好的服务。
The system sold around 1.1 million tickets during the 2012 Spring Festival travel rush. Last year it sold 11 million over the same period.
2012年春运期间，12306网站系统约售出110万张车票。去年，该系统售出的车票数量同比增加1100万张。
Around 280 million train tickets have been sold on 12306.cn since Jan 3, 2018 when tickets for the Spring Festival holiday started selling.
今年1月3日春节假期车票开售以来，约有2.8亿张火车票是在12306网站上售出的。
The sales volume peaks at around 15 million per day, with nearly 700 tickets sold in every second.
销量高峰每日售票量约1500万张，每秒售出近700张车票。
1. Am I taking care of myself? Sometimes we get so wrapped up in taking care of others that we forget to take care of ourselves. It can be so easy to leave ourselves behind.
我照顾好自己了吗？有时候，我们太过于关心他人从而忘记了去照顾自己。这很容易就把自己遗忘。
2. Do I have too much clutter? Drowning ourselves in too many material possessions can ultimately lead to stress. Get clear on what you absolutely need and what you can get rid of.
我的杂物是不是太多了？拥有太多的物品最终会给你带来压力。分清楚你肯定需要和你可以丢弃的物品。
3. Do I take time out of my day purely for myself? We all need a little “me time.” Set aside some time every day to just relax and do something that you enjoy, whether that is reading, meditating, watching TV, cooking, spending quality time with your loved ones, etc.
我是否有从一天当中能抽出时间来给自己？我们都需要一点“自我时间”。每天留出一些时间放松一下，做你喜欢做的事情——阅读、冥想、看电视、烹饪、跟你爱的人共享黄金时光等等。
4. Am I eating healthy? The types of foods we eat can greatly affect how we feel both physically and emotionally. Eating too much junk food can lead to crankiness and a relatively low energy level, whereas eating healthy foods can lead to better moods and a more positive energy level.
我的饮食健康吗？我们所吃的食物种类很大程度上会影响我们在身体和情绪上的感觉。食用过多垃圾食品会导致偏执，使人精力降低。反之，饮食健康则会使人有更好的情绪和更高涨的劲头。
5. What are my core values? What is important to you as an individual? Is it family, health, spirituality, work, etc.? Make sure that you are living in alignment with what matters most to you.
我的核心价值观是什么？作为一个人，对你来说什么是重要的？家庭、健康、信仰、工作还是其他？确保在你的生活中，你追寻了自己最在乎的东西。
6. Am I maintaining healthy relationships? Is there a relationship in your life that needs a little extra care and attention? Do you need to right a wrong with someone? Try to stay aware of how you’re treating the people in your life.
我是否在维持健康的人际关系？在你的生活中，是否有一段关系需要你额外的关注？你是否需要给某人平反？在如何对待他人这个问题上，努力保持清醒的头脑。
7. Am I working too hard? Taking time to re-charge and spend time on activities that make you happy is so important. Honor your desire to pull back from work or school pressure when needed and give yourself time to breathe, even if it’s only for a few minutes at a time.
我是否工作太辛苦了？花时间重新调整一下，花时间做令你愉快的事情是非常重要的。必要时释放你的欲望，从工作或学习压力中解脱出来，给自己时间去自由呼吸，即便一次只有几分的时间。
8. Am I playing too hard? A lack of motivation to accomplish certain things can throw you off balance or make you feel stressed out and pressured later on. Taking breaks is very necessary, but if you take so many breaks that your productivity level drops, or you get into the habit of procrastinating too much, it might be time to balance out your schedule so that you will get a generous amount of things done and still have time for breaks and leisure.
我是否玩儿得太high了？缺乏实现某些事情的动机会让你失去平衡或者稍后会让你感到筋疲力尽，很有压力。休息一下是非常有必要的，但是如果你休息得过了头从而使生产力降低，或者你养成了太过拖拉的习惯，那么或许就需要时间来平衡你的时间安排，以便你可以完成大量的事情而仍有时间休息娱乐。
9. Am I spending too much? Overspending can lead to stress, clutter, and financial complications. It can also turn into a nasty habit over time. Saving money is an excellent practice and you will more than likely be glad you did in case of an emergency.
我花钱太多了吗？过度消费会导致压力、混乱以及财政并发症。这也可能会随着时间的流逝变为一种危险的习惯。储蓄是一个非常棒的办法，万一遇到紧急情况，你极有可能为你之前的储蓄而感到欣慰。
10. Am I worrying about the future? Worrying about something that hasn’t even happened yet causes stress and anxiety. Focus on the moment in front of you and realize that it is all that exists.
我是否在担忧未来？担忧某些并未发生的事情会导致压力和焦虑。专注于当下，了解到这就是目前所存在的一切。
11. Am I dwelling on the past? It is very tempting and almost involuntary to look back on the past and obsess over something we regret or something we miss. Learn to let go and only focus on what’s happening right now, and on the choices you will make today.
我是否徘徊过去？回顾过去，沉迷于我们遗憾或者错过的事情是非常诱人和几乎令人不由自主的。学会放手，只专注于当前发生的事和你今日将要面临的选择吧。
12. Is there something I am clinging to? We don’t always realize when we’re clinging to something harmful when it feels safe and familiar, whether it is an unfulfilling job, an unhealthy relationship, or a stagnant way of life. Recognize if you are clinging to something that isn’t serving you and work on taking small steps towards change and release.
是否有什么事情我一直放不下？我们不会总是能意识到我们在何时抓住有害但感觉安全熟悉的事情不放手，不论是一份不称心的工作，还是一段不健康的关系或者一种停滞不前的生活方式。看看你是否执着于对你没用的事情，想出小措施来改变和解脱吧。
12-year-old girl finds ancient Egyptian amulet
12岁女孩发现古埃及护符
An ancient Egyptian amulet was uncovered in Jerusalem by a young girl taking part in a family dig in the capital.
耶路撒冷小女孩参加“圣殿山筛选项目”考古活动时，发现一古埃及护符。
Neshama Spielman, from Jerusalem, found the artifact four years ago at a dig organized by the City of David and the Temple Mount Sifting Project, which works to examine tons of dirt removed without archaeological supervision from the Temple Mount by the Muslim Waqf. Details of the find and its identification, however, have only now been revealed. Spielman, who is aged 12, was just 8 when she made the find.
小女孩名叫Neshama Spielman，来自耶路撒冷。她是4年前在“圣殿山筛选项目”中发现这个护符的。该项目旨在检查从神圣犹太教遗址移来，未经考古检测过的泥土。当年，Spielman只有8岁。
The piece was taken away for laboratory testing, and the Spielman family only received a phone call this month telling them the amulet had been identified.
后来此护符被拿去实验室检测，知道上个月，Spielman一家才接到电话，被告知检测结果。
Spielman was sifting through dirt at the Emek Tzurim national park on the slopes of the Mount of Olives in Jerusalem when she noticed the small rectangular object.
当时，Spielman正在耶路撒冷Emek Tzurim国家公园橄榄山的斜坡上检查泥土。突然就注意到了这个小小的矩形物件。
Just 21 millimeters long, 16 millimeters high, and 4 millimeters thick, the amulet, of which part is missing, has a “raised decoration” on it with a loop at one end that allowed it to be worn on a cord around the neck.
该护符只有21毫米长、16毫米高、4毫米厚，部分已经缺失。上方凸起的部分有个孔，可以用绳穿起来挂在脖子上。
The raised decoration shows a cartouche — an oval frame around Egyptian hieroglyphics indicating a royal name. Above the frame archaeologists could make out the symbol of an eye and that of a cobra.
凸起那部分有个“涡卷饰品”——（古埃及碑上）在王和神的名字周围的椭圆形装饰。考古学家在上面发现有眼镜蛇一只眼的符号。
The amulet has been dated to 3,200 years ago and bears the name of Pharaoh Thutmose III, a prominent figure from the Eighteenth Dynasty who reigned from 1479 BCE to 1425 BCE.
护符距今已有3200年的历史，上面还刻有“图特摩斯三世”法老的名字。他于公元前1504至公元前1450年在位统治。
“Thutmose III was one of the most important pharaohs in Egypt’s New Kingdom and is credited with establishing the Egyptian imperial province in Canaan,” said Gabriel Barkay, the co-founder and director of the Temple Mount Sifting Project.
“图特摩斯三世是埃及新王朝最重要的法老之一。他使埃及在迦南完成了从一个地域性王国向洲际大帝国的质变。”“圣殿山筛选项目”的联合发起人和总负责人Gabriel Barkay如是说。
译文属可可英语原创，仅供学习和交流使用，未经许可，请勿转载。
At the age of 12, most girls are battling with their parents to get their ears pierced, learning the ropes at senior school and preparing for life as a teenager.
12岁的年纪，大多数的小女孩都还在向父母争取打耳洞的机会，努力适应高中生活，从青少年时代开始为将来做准备。
For Maddie Ziegler, from Pennsylvania, life couldn't be more different.
但来自宾夕法尼亚州(Pennsylvania)的玛蒂?齐格勒(Maddie Ziegler)，她的人生完全不是这么一回事。
The tween is a huge star with three million Instagram followers, whose music videos with the popstar Sia have been viewed more than a billion times on YouTube.
这个12岁的女孩已经成为了在Instagram拥有300万粉丝的超级巨星，她和流行歌手希雅(Sia)合作的MV在YouTube上点击量超过10亿。
因为参加了一档电视真人秀节目《Dance Moms》，来自宾夕法尼亚州的12岁明星玛蒂?齐格勒火爆全球，澳大利亚流行歌手希雅的多首歌曲的MV中也有她的身影（图）
Until four years ago, Maddie was an unknown eight year old who enjoyed dancing and went to a local primary school.
四年前，玛蒂还是一个默默无闻的8岁小女孩，她喜欢跳舞，就读于当地一所小学。
Then in 2011, her mother Melissa was signed up to appeared as part of the Lifetime reality series Dance Moms.
2011年，她的妈妈梅丽莎(Melissa)报名参加Lifetime频道的真人秀节目《Dance Moms》。
The programme focuses on the early careers of the children that are enrolled in the Abby Lee Dance Company in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
这个节目围绕宾夕法尼亚州匹兹堡(Pittsburgh)的Abby Lee舞蹈学校里面的小孩子展开。
As the title suggests, the show also features the mothers of the pupils and the way that they often pit their children against each other.
顾名思义，这个真人秀节目还专门拍摄学生们的母亲，展现母亲如何教育孩子与他人竞争。
201505/375574.shtml
The Australian pop star Sia noticed Maddie on the programme and last year she tweeted her to ask if she would appear in one of her videos... the rest is history.
澳大利亚流行歌手希雅注意到了节目里的玛蒂，去年她在推特上联系玛蒂，邀请玛蒂参演她的MV。接下来的故事大家都知道了。
Maddie has now appeared in three of Sia's videos - Chandelier, Elastic Heart and Big Girls Cry.
在希雅的《Chandelier》、《Elastic Heart》、《Big Girls Cry》3个MV中，都能见到玛蒂的身影。
Chandelier is the 17th most viewed music video on TouTube of all time and has racked up more than 712 million hits.
《Chandelier》的视频点击量已突破7.12亿，是YouTube点击量最高的MV排行榜上的第17名。
In February, Maddie joined Sia and Kristen Wiig in a performance of the track for the 2015 Grammy Awards as Kim Kardashian and Kanye West looked on from the front row.
今年2月的时候，玛蒂与希雅和克里斯汀?韦格(Kristen Wiig)一起担任2015格莱美音乐颁奖典礼(Grammy Awards)的表演嘉宾。当时金?卡戴珊(Kim Kardashian)和坎耶?韦斯特(Kanye West)坐在前排观看了这个表演。
She has also performed on Jimmy Kimmel and The Ellen Show - not bad for someone who hasn't even hit adolescence.
她也曾应邀参加《吉米秀》(Jimmy Kimmel)和《艾伦秀》(The Ellen Show)。对于一个青春期未到的人来说，有机会上这两个节目还算不错。
Maddie is so well recognised these days that a trip to Topshop results in her being mobbed by screaming tween fans who all want a selfie with their idol - something that has been tough to adjust to.
玛蒂的知名度如此之高，以致于她在Topshop（服饰店）被尖叫的青少年粉丝们围堵了，小粉丝们激动地要求和偶像自拍合影，这对于玛蒂来说有点难以适应。
She is now so successful that her mother has hired a security team who monitor the star 24/7.
她声名在外，母亲不得不为她雇了专人保镖团队，全天24小时保护她的安全。
玛蒂?齐格勒和妈妈梅丽莎以及妹妹麦肯齐(Mackenzie)在好莱坞大道(Hollywood Boulevard)上（图）
She told The Telegraph: 'I don't feel that normal any more because I get recognised, even when I'm just trying to have fun or going to get ice cream with my friends.
在接受《每日电讯报》采访时，玛蒂说：“我再也无法过上平凡人的生活了。因为大家很容易认出我来，甚至当我出去玩或是和朋友吃冰淇淋都能被路人认出来。”
'People go crazy and it gets overwhelming.'
“人们很疯狂，我感到不知所措。”
201505/375574.shtml
Like many child stars, Maddie speaks of being old before her time.
像很多童星一样，玛蒂也显得很早熟。
Having earned a living for the last four years while her contemporaries go to school every day, she has been forced to mature quickly.
当其他同龄人每天乖乖去上学的时候，她已经出来养家糊口四年了，她不得不快速成熟起来。
Unlike many young girls who are starstruck by celebrities, Maddie claims that she keeps a cool head at events like the Grammys because she sees herself as a star, so needs to act accordingly.
不像那些狂热追星的小女孩，玛蒂认为她一直都能保持着冷静的头脑，即使在格莱美颁奖典礼这种场合。因为她将自己视为一个明星，所以她需要表现得体。
今年2月的时候，在格莱美颁奖典礼上，克里斯汀?韦格和玛蒂?齐格勒为希雅的歌曲《Chandelier》伴舞，希雅背对着观众（图）
She said: 'Mom is like, "Oh my God, let's go and meet Ariana Grande." I'm like, "Mom, for real?"
她说：“妈妈会说，‘噢，天呐，我们去看一下爱莉安娜?格兰德(Ariana Grande)吧。'我的反应是，‘妈，真要这样吗'”
'I just want to stay professional. I don't want them to think I'm a fangirl. I'm one of the performers and I'm not just a background dancer, I'm the dancer.'
“我只是想保持专业的一面。我不想让别人认为我是脑残粉。我是表演嘉宾之一，不仅仅是伴舞者，我是一名舞者演员。”
201505/375574.shtml
Because of her success, she no longer lives anything resembling a normal life.
鉴于她的成功，她再也无法过上平凡人的生活。
She has modelled for numerous clothing companies including Glitzy Girl, Sally Miller and Purple Pixies and featured in magazines including Teen Vogue, Cosmopolitan, Elle and Seventeen.
她曾为Glitzy Girl、Sally Miller和Purple Pixies等服装公司担任模特，也为《Teen Vogue》《Cosmopolitan》《Elle》和《Seventeen》等杂志拍摄照片。
She is home-tutored alongside her younger sister Mackenzie, who also stars in the Dance Moms series and with whom Maddie released a fashion line called The Maddie & Mackenzie Collection last year.
她和妹妹都是通过家庭辅导接受教育的。她的妹妹也出演了《Dance Moms》。去年，以两姐妹的名字创建的时尚品牌The Maddie & Mackenzie Collection问世。
今年2月的时候，玛蒂参加了J.Mendel2015秋冬高级成衣发布秀（图）
While many young children try and avoid school work at all costs, the star professes to be a keen student because she wants to avoid the trap of becoming 'a stupid dancer.'
在其他小孩想方设法逃课、不做作业的时候，玛蒂却对学业热情饱满，因为她不想自己成为又一个“愚蠢的舞者”。
As well as dancing, she has her eye on singing and acting - she has already acted in the TV shows Drop Dead Diva and Austin & Ally.
除了跳舞，玛蒂还唱歌和表演，她已经出演了电视剧《美女上错身》(Drop Dead Diva)和《奥斯汀与艾丽》(Austin & Ally)。
Although she has already reached astonishing levels of success for her age, Maddie only gives herself a nine out of ten in terms of her career achievements.
尽管小小年纪她的事业就取得了如此惊人的成就，但如果给自己的成就打分，且10分满分的话，玛蒂只给自己打9分。
She said: 'On a scale of one to 10, I feel I'm at a nine because there's definitely room for improvement. I know I could go further.'
她说：“1到10，我觉得自己只能拿9分，因为我一定还有提升的空间。我知道我可以走更远。”
201505/375574.shtml12岁的铃木瑟玟(Severn Suzuki)在1992年里约世界高峰会上，对全世界环境部长发出警语，她的演说简单扼要却直指人心，要求“大人们”对于环保要说到做到，否则就是对下一代的不负责任。
Hello, I'm Severn Suzuki speaking for E.C.O. - The Environmental Children's Organisation. 大家好，我是Severn Suzuki，我代表儿童环境组织来此演讲。
We are a group of twelve and thirteen-year-olds from Canada trying to make a difference:Vanessa Suttie, Morgan Geisler, Michelle Quigg and me. We raised all the money ourselves to come six thousand miles to tell you adults you must change your ways. Coming here today, I have no hidden agenda. I am fighting for my future. 我们是一个十三四岁的小群体，我们想改变些什么：Vanessa Suttie, Morgan Geisler, Michelle Quigg和我。我们自己挣钱支持我们来到这里，旅行5000英里只为告诉你们成年人，你们必须改变你们的生活方式。今天我来到这里，我背后没有任何经纪人，我们为我们的未来而战。
Losing my future is not like losing an election or a few points on the stock market. I am here to speak for all generations to come. 失去未来不像落选选举或者股市浮动那么简单，我来到这里是为了将来所有的世代而演讲。
I am here to speak on behalf of the starving children around the world whose cries go unheard. 我演讲是为了世界所有忍受饥饿的儿童，而他们的哭泣却无人听见。
I am here to speak for the countless animals dying across this planet because they have nowhere left to go. We cannot afford to be not heard. 我为这个行星上无数正在垂死的动物而演讲，因为它们几乎已经无处容身了。
I am afraid to go out in the sun now because of the holes in the ozone. I am afraid to breathe the air because I don't know what chemicals are in it. 我现在害怕晒太阳，因为臭氧层出现了空洞。我现在害怕呼吸空气，因为我不知道那里有多少化学物质。
I used to go fishing in Vancouver with my dad until just a few years ago we found the fish full of cancers. And now we hear about animals and plants going extinct every day -- vanishing forever. 以前和我爸爸经常在vancouver钓鱼，但在近几年却发现鱼的身上到处是癌细胞。我们每天都会听说有的动物和植物绝种，那是永远消失的事情。
In my life, I have dreamt of seeing the great herds of wild animals, jungles and rainforests full of birds and butterfilies, but now I wonder if they will even exist for my children to see. 我一生的梦想就是能看到成群的野生动物，茂盛的丛林和大片的雨林中到处是鸟类和蝴蝶在飞舞。但是现在我想知道我们这些小孩是否还能再看到它们？
Did you have to worry about these little things when you were my age? 在您那个年代，您曾经担心过我们现在担心的事吗？
All this is happening before our eyes and yet we act as if we have all the time we want and all the solutions. I'm only a child and I don't have all the solutions, but I want you to realise, neither do you! 所有这一切就发生在我们眼前，然而我们还是一直向大自然无度索取我们所需要的。我仅仅是个孩子，我不知道该怎么办。 但我们这些孩子——这个星球的未来需要让您认识到，您不能说没办法！
You don't know how to fix the holes in our ozone layer. You don't know how to bring salmon back up a dead stream. You don't know how to bring back an animal now extinct.And you can't bring back forests that once grew where there is now desert. If you don't know how to fix it, please stop breaking it! 您不知道怎么去修补大气的臭氧空洞，您也不知道怎么去从死亡的河流中拯救鱼类，您更不知道如何把灭绝的动物复苏，您也不能把沙漠中从前完整的森林带回来。如果您不知道如何拯救，那么请您停止破坏吧！
Here, you may be delegates of your governments, business people, organisers, reporters or poiticians - but really you are mothers and fathers, brothers and sister, aunts and uncles - and all of you are somebody's child. 在这里，您可能是您政府商业人士的代表、组织者、记者或政客。但您们也是父亲和母亲、兄弟和姐妹、阿姨和叔叔，你们都会或多或少的为了下一代而活着。
I'm only a child yet I know we are all part of a family, five billion strong, in fact, 30 million species strong and we all share the same air, water and soil -- borders and governments will never change that. 我只是一个小孩，但我知道我们都是一个大家庭的成员，超过60亿人的大家庭，以及超过三千万物种的大家庭，政府和国界永远都无法改变这个事实。
I'm only a child yet I know we are all in this together and should act as one single world towards one single goal. 我身为小孩都知道，我们在地球的母亲怀中都是孩子。我们应该为了相同的目的进行相同的行动！
In my anger, I am not blind, and in my fear, I am not afraid to tell the world how I feel. 然而事实却让我很愤怒，但我也很清醒，我虽然害怕，但我敢于告诉世界我真实的感受。
In my country, we make so much waste, we buy and throw away, buy and throw away, and yet northern countries will not share with the needy. Even when we have more than enough, we are afraid to lose some of our wealth, afraid to share. 在我的祖国，我们制造了如此之多的垃圾，我们购买商品，我们随之丢弃，买来，再丢弃。然而有些国家，有些人，却不会分享给那些真正需要的人们，甚至他们拥有的远远超过自身需要的时候。他们害怕分享，害怕失去自己的财富。
In Canada, we live the privileged life, with plenty of food, water and shelter—we have watches, bicycles, computers and television sets. 在加拿大，他们过着特权般的生活，他们有很多食物、房子和水。他们拥有很多手表，汽车，各种电器和奢侈品。
Two days ago here in Brazil, we were shocked when we spent some time with some children living on the streets. And this is what one child told us: "I wish I was rich and if I were, I would give all the street children food, clothes, medicine, shelter and love and affection." 在巴西，我被2天前见到的情景震惊了，那时我和当地的小孩在玩耍，其中一个小孩说：“我希望我能富裕起来，然后我会给这个街道所有的小孩饭吃，给他们衣服穿，医疗，住房和爱”。
If a child on the street who has nothing, is willing to share, why are we who have everyting still so greedy? 如果一个孩子在自己一无所有的时候都能愿意分享，为什么拥有一切的大人却如此贪婪？
I can't stop thinking that these children are my age, that it makes a tremendous difference where you are born, that I could be one of those children living in the Favellas of Rio; I could be a child starving in Somalia; a victim of war in the Middle East or a beggar in India. 我永远不能忘记这些和我同龄的孩子，当你出生的时候，他和我们真的很不相同，我也许生活在贫民窟，也可能是终日饿着肚子的小孩，也可能是中东战争的牺牲品，或者印度的小乞丐。
I'm only a child yet I know if all the money spent on war was spent on ending poverty and finding environmental answers, what a wonderful place this earth would be! 我只是一个小孩，然而我知道，要是把花在战争上的钱，用在找寻环境问题答案上来，或用在结束贫穷并找到解决的方案上来，这个星球将是个多么美好的地方啊！
At school, even in kindergarten, you teach us to behave in the world. You teach us: not to fight with others, to respect others, to clean up our mess, not to hurt other creatures, to share - not be greedy. 在学校，甚至在幼稚园，你们大人教我们如何处世，你们告诉我们不要打架，要尊重对方。找出答案，解决矛盾。去分享，而不是贪婪。
Then why do you go out and do the things you tell us not to do? 你们大人为什么去做与你们教导孩子相反的事情呢？
Do not forget why you're attending these conferences, who you're doing this for -- we are your own children. You are deciding what kind of world we will grow up in. Parents should be able to comfort their children by saying "everyting's going to be alright" , "we're doing the best we can" and "it's not the end of the world". 不要忘记你们为何而来到这里开会，你们为谁做事情？我们是你们的下一代，你们正在决定我们将要在一个什么样的环境中成长，父母需要能够宽慰孩子们，告诉他们“一切都没问题，那不是世界末日，我们正在尽其所能的改变”。
But I don't think you can say that to us anymore. Are we even on your list of priorities? My father always says "You are what you do, not what you say." 但我不能再相信这样的话了，孩子们还是你们的优选名单吗？我爸爸总是说：“听其言，观其行，是认识一个人最好的方法”。
Well, what you do makes me cry at night. You grown ups say you love us. I challenge you, please make your actions reflect your words. Thank you for listening. 然而，你们所做的事让我在夜晚哭泣，你们成年人说你们爱我们，我不会再相信了，因为只有行动和语言的合一，才是找回信任和未来的唯一方法！谢谢！
201109/155435.shtmlIn August, Jose Javier - from the city of Torrevieja - created an account with AdWords, a Google pay-per-click service.
今年8月，来自托雷维耶哈的乔斯·哈维尔创建了一个AdWords账户，这是谷歌旗下的一项点击付费服务。
He was under the impression people clicking on the adverts would earn him money. But instead he was charged every time someone clicked on the link.
他原以为只要有人点击这个广告，就会给他捐献一点钱。但是实际上，每当有人点击这个链接的时候，他都需要付费。
Google has now said it won't make him pay the fee.
好在谷歌公司已于日前表示，他们不会让哈维尔支付这笔费用。
The company realised that "it was all a mistake and that he did it without thinking," a Google spokeswoman said last Wednesday.
谷歌公司一名发言人在上周三时表示，该公司意识到“这是一个错误，哈维尔是无心之失”。
"A 12-year-old boy doesn't want to start spending 100,000 euros."
“一个12岁的小男孩可不想在自己事业刚刚开始的时候就背负10万欧元的账单。”
Jose's mother Inma Quesada told the El Pais daily that her son "wanted to buy instruments" for his band Los Salerosos (loosely translated as "The Salties"), in which he plays the trumpet.
乔斯的母亲因玛·克萨达在接受《西班牙日报》采访时表示，她的儿子想要给自己的乐队“Los Salerosos”（大意为“冒失鬼”）购买乐器。他在乐队里担任小号手。
A savings account had been opened in the boy's name and he used those details when signing up for AdWords.
哈维尔以自己的名字开了一个储蓄账户，并且用这些信息注册了AdWords账户。
His parents only realised what was going on when the bank called them to let them know about the charges.
当银行打电话给哈维尔的父母，告诉他们有关收费的事情的时候，他们才知道发生了这样的事情。
AdWords puts advertising higher up Google's search results and on other websites. The advertiser only pays when someone clicks on one of these links.
AdWords事实上是一个竞价排名系统，在支付费用之后，它会把客户的广告列在谷歌搜索结果和其他网站的靠前位置。只有当有人点击这些广告链接的时候，客户才需要支付费用。
Prices at China's factory gates fell for a 34th consecutive month in December, pushed down by falling energy and commodity prices.
受能源和大宗商品价格日益下跌影响，中国12月工业生产者出厂价格连续第34个月下跌。
China's producer price index deflated by 3.3 per cent in annual terms last month, the most since September 2009. Prices in the mining sector were down 13.2 per cent, while raw materials prices fell 6.4 per cent.
中国12月生产者价格指数(PPI)同比下滑3.3%，为自2009年9月以来最大降幅。矿业价格下跌13.2%，原材料价格下跌6.4%。
"Producer prices remain in deflation because of falling commodity prices," said Moody's Analytics before the report.
穆迪分析(Moody's Analytics)在报告发布之前表示：“由于大宗商品价格不断下跌，生产者价格仍将处于下行趋势。”
The housing slump has cut demand for iron ore, energy and other commodities. Higher global supplies have exacerbated the gap between supply and demand and pushed raw materials prices lower. This dynamic is not expected to change in the near term despite measures such as the interest rate cut in November.
房地产市场低迷降低了对铁矿石、能源和其他大宗商品的需求。全球供应增加加剧了供需差距并推低了原材料价格。尽管中国出台了多项措施，例如去年11月的降息，但预计这种情况近期不会发生变化。
Inflation for consumers, meanwhile, ticked up slightly to 1.5 per cent, versus a five-year low of 1.4 per cent in November.
与此同时，中国12月消费者物价指数(CPI)略升至1.5%，11月为1.4%，为5年低点。
Beijing targets consumer prices inflation at 3.5 per cent, but weakening growth is keeping prices benign.
中国政府确定的消费者物价通胀目标为3.5%，但增长日益疲弱将令物价指数变得温和。
Chinese industrial profits slumped by a record 8 per cent last month, as Beijing’s targeted stimulus efforts failed to arrest a slowdown in the key driver of China’s economy.
去年12月，中国工业利润降幅达到创纪录的8%，显示中国有针对性的刺激计划未能抑制工业放缓，而工业是中国经济的主要推动力。
The fall in profits in December highlights the challenges facing an industrial sector racked by overcapacity and falling prices, adding to pressure on authorities to loosen monetary policy and boost infrastructure spending to cushion the slowdown.
12月工业利润下滑突显出中国工业面临的产能过剩和价格下跌的困扰，这加大了中国政府放松货币政策并扩大基础设施支出，以缓和经济放缓影响的压力。
The 8 per cent year-on-year drop in profits last month compares with 4.2 per cent in November and is the biggest since the current data series began in late 2011, figures released on Tuesday showed.
周二公布的数据显示，去年12月，中国规模以上工业企业利润同比下降8%，是2011年末以来的最大降幅。11月数据的同比下滑幅度为4.2%。
For the full year, profits rose 3.3 per cent, the slowest growth since at least 2008, when Chinese manufacturers were slammed by the global financial crisis.
2014年全年工业利润增长3.3%，为2008年以来最慢。
“As the economy enters the ‘new normal’, the industry sector faces increased downward pressures, unreasonable structures and weak innovation capability,” Mao Weiming, vice-minister at the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, said at a press conference.
中国工业和信息化部副部长毛伟明在一次新闻发布会上说：“在我国经济发展进入新常态的形势下，工业面临着下行压力加大、结构不尽合理、创新能力较弱。”
While falling prices for oil and other inputs have supported profit margins, the positive impact has been outweighed by falling prices for finished goods, He Ping, a statistician at the bureau’s industrial department, said in a statement accompanying the data.
中国国家统计局工业司何平在随后发布的数据解读声明中称，尽管石油和其他投入价格下跌支撑了利润率，但出厂价格的下跌抵消了这些利好影响。
“The impact of lower prices on the slide in profits is worsening,” he said.
他表示：“价格走低对利润下滑影响加剧”。
Commodity-linked sectors have been especially hard hit in recent months. Mining-sector earnings tumbled 23 per cent last year. Oil and petrochemical refiners also saw profits slammed. Despite the fall in crude prices, many refiners remain subject to crude prices agreed to before the recent price drop, even as prices for their output fall.
最近几个月，大宗商品相关行业受到的冲击尤为严重。采矿业全年利润下降23%。石油和石化炼制企业的利润也出现下滑。尽管油价下跌，但很多炼厂仍要接受在油价暴跌之前签订的协议价格，而它们的出厂价格在下跌。
Manufacturing has held up better, with profits growing 6.5 per cent, while profits from utilities such as electricity, heat and water grew 17 per cent, boosted by lower energy prices.
制造业表现较好，利润增长6.5%。受低廉的能源价格的提振，电力、热力、燃气及水生产和供应业利润增长17%。
The dollar value of China’s exports fell markedly more than expected last month and import growth more than halved, while revisions to November data erased what had appeared to be a long-hoped-for return to growth for outbound shipments.
上个月，以美元计的中国出口跌幅显著超过预期，进口增幅也下滑一半以上。同时，对11月份数据的修正，抹去了原本疑似出现的人们长久期待的对外出口增长。
Exports shrank 6.1 per cent year on year in dollar terms to $209.42bn in December, according to figures from the General Administration of Customs. That fall was 2.1 percentage points more severe than a median of economist estimates and worse than a revised drop of 1.6 per cent (previously 0.1 per cent growth) in November.
根据中国海关总署(General Administration of Customs)发布的数据，12月份以美元计的出口额同比减少6.1%至2094.2亿美元。这一跌幅比经济学家预期的中数多了2.1个百分点，也大于11月份修正后1.6%的跌幅（修正前该数字为增长0.1%）。
Imports grew 3.1 per cent year-on-year in dollar terms to $168.6bn in December after growing a revised 4.7 per cent (previously 6.7 per cent) the previous month. That rate was roughly in line with a median forecast of 3 per cent growth.
12月份以美元计的进口同比增长3.1%至1686亿美元，而上个月修正后的增幅为4.7%（修正前为6.7%）。这一增长幅度大致符合3%预期中数。
Trade flows brought China’s balance of trade to $40.82bn, roughly $7.2bn below expectations and down about $3.6bn from November’s revised level of $44.23bn (previously $44.61bn). That balance came to Rmb275.4bn in local-currency terms.
贸易往来令中国该月贸易顺差达到408.2亿美元，比预期低大约72亿美元，也比11月份修正后442.3亿美元的水平（修正前该数字为446.1亿美元）低了36亿美元左右。以人民币计的这一顺差则为2754亿元人民币。
What growth dollar exports did see among major trading partners came from shipments to the US, which rose 5.5 per cent year on year to $37.06bn. Exports to South Korea also showed growth of 8.3 per cent to $10.2bn.
在主要贸易伙伴中，以美元计的出口确实出现增长的包括对美国的出口，同比增长5.5%，达到370.6亿美元。而对韩国的出口也显示增长8.3%至102亿美元。
But shipments to other destinations fared far worse, particularly those to re-exporter Hong Kong, which saw the dollar value of exports from China contract 26.3 per cent year on year to $33.84bn. Shipments to EU countries also fell 4.7 per cent to $33.5bn, while those to Japan dropped 5.5 per cent to $11.27bn.
不过，对其他地区的出口却差多了，尤其是对转口地区香港的贸易，该月以美元计的对香港出口同比下滑26.3%至338.4亿美元。对欧盟(EU)国家的出口也下滑4.7%至335亿美元。而对日本出口则下滑5.5%至112.7亿美元。
In local currency terms exports managed slight growth of 0.6 per cent last month, besting expectations of 0.1 per cent contraction but still down substantially from growth of 5.9 per cent in November. Imports grew 10.8 per cent in renminbi terms, more than double the expected 4.8 per cent but down 2.2 percentage points from the month prior.
以人民币计算，12月份出口环比成功增长0.6%，超过了收缩0.1%的预期，不过仍大大低于11月份5.9%的增幅。以人民币计的进口增长10.8%，是预期4.8%的增幅的两倍以上，不过仍比上个月低2.2个百分点。
Even if they played an imperfect game, the Golden State Warriors managed to maintain their perfect start.
即使他们打的比赛也许并不完美，但是，金州勇士队完美的赛季开局阶段仍然在继续。
Stephen Curry scored 37 points to lead the defending NBA champions to their 12th straight win to open the season, a hard-fought 115-110 victory over the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday night.
在周二晚上，史蒂芬·库里砍下37分，带领卫冕冠军以115比110艰难的击败了多伦多猛龙，豪取开赛12连胜。
"We hold ourselves to a very high standard," Curry said. "We didn't put any pressure on them defensively in the third quarter. We were sloppy on a couple of possessions offensively and gave them life. Those are things we need to improve on. Everyone likes to learn those lessons in wins."
“我们一直用很高的标准要求自己”，库里赛后表示。“我们在第三节没有给他们防守端施加压力，草率地结束了我们的进攻并且给了他们机会。有很多需要我们继续提高的地方，当然，每个人都愿意在赢球的同时接受教训。”
Klay Thompson added 19 points and Andrew Bogut scored 13 for the Warriors, off to the best start by an NBA team since Dallas won its first 14 games in 2002-03. Golden State needs three wins to equal the league record of 15-0, held by the 1948-49 Washington Capitols and 1993-94 Houston Rockets.
克雷·汤普森贡献19分，博古特也贡献了13分。勇士队也创下了自2002-03赛季小牛队14连胜之后的最佳开局。只需再有三场比赛的胜利，金州勇士就会追平1948-1949赛季华盛顿子弹和1993-94赛季休斯敦火箭共同创下的开局15连胜的记录。
This one didn't come easy, though. Toronto fought back from an 18-point deficit and trailed by one late in the game with the ball. But guard Kyle Lowry was called for an offensive foul, and Curry hit two free throws to help seal the win.
回顾今天这场比赛，胜利来得并不容易。猛龙队曾一举逆转了18分的劣势，并在最后时刻拥有球权并只落后1分。但是最终，后卫凯尔·洛瑞被吹罚了一次进攻犯规，而库里依靠两记罚球为勇士队锁定胜局。
"I don't know what happened," Lowry said. "I just know I got a call for offensive foul. It happens. It's the NBA. That's all I can say about it."
“我不知道发生了什么”洛瑞说。“我只知道我被吹罚了一次进攻犯规，就这么发生了。这就是NBA，这就是我想说的。”
The largest flawless vivid blue diamond in the world is to go on sale today at Christie's auction house.
5月14日，英国佳士得拍卖行拍出世界上最大的无暇艳彩蓝钻。
The pear-shaped diamond named The Blue is 13.22 carats is estimated to be worth between $21-$25 million.
这颗梨形蓝钻被命名为“蓝色”，重13.22克拉，拍前估价为2100万至2500万美元。
'It is absolutely perfect, absolutely pure externally and internally. It is almost a dream,' said Jean-Marc Lunel, senior international specialist of Christie's jewellery department.
佳士得珠宝部门的国际高级鉴定师吉恩马克·鲁纳尔称：“这颗钻石完美无瑕，从内到外都绝对纯净。”
'We are quite confident that it should sell towards the high end of the estimate or above.'
“我们非常确信成交价会达到预测的最高价。”
In the past decade, only three blue diamonds of 10 carats or more with the same vivid grading for intensity have been sold at auction, all weighing less than 12 carats and none flawless, he said.
过去十年中，只有3颗10克拉级且硬度相当的鲜彩蓝钻被拍卖，3颗都未达到12克拉，而且有瑕疵。
'It is most probably from a mine in South Africa known as Premier mine and now as Cullinan, where most of the blue diamonds are from. Probably in the last 30 years,' Mr Lunel said.
鲁纳尔说：这颗钻石可能产于南非的普列米尔矿山,现称库里南矿场。”
'The market for colored diamonds is really, really high, because they are so rare,' he said.
他称：“有色钻石的市场门槛设置得非常高，因为它们实在太稀有了。”
'For what is really exceptional, not seen on the market, there are really clients looking for such investments,'
“而在市场上前所未有的是确实有客户在寻找这样的投资。”
'Chinese clients are not only buying in Asia but in New York and Geneva as well.'
“中国的客户不仅在亚洲购买，也会在纽约和日内瓦购买。”
The auction house says seven records in all were set at the Geneva auction including the highest amount ever paid for a yellow diamond - $16.3 million for the 100.09-carat Graff Vivid Yellow diamond ring.
佳士得拍卖行声称日内瓦拍卖会有7次珠宝拍卖创下了记录，包括历史成交价格最高的黄色钻石—— 100.09克拉的格拉夫鲜彩黄钻戒指，拍卖价高达1630万美元。
The auction house said today that the auction, featuring two diamonds over 100 carats, drew buyers from more than 30 countries.
拍卖行称这次拍卖会还将拍卖两颗超过100克拉的钻石，吸引了30多个国家的买家。
It is reported that Karl Lagerfeld, the artistic director for Chanel, died aged 85 in Paris, leaving the fashion world reeling at the loss of the man.
据报道，香奈儿艺术总监卡尔·拉格菲尔德于巴黎去世，享年85岁，整个时尚界都为他的离世而感到震惊。
As the fashion world mourns Lagerfeld, his beloved cat Choupette is one of a number who could be set to inherit his ￡150million fortune.
正当整个时尚界都在为拉格菲尔德哀悼，而除了他的众多继承人，他的爱猫邱佩特可能也会继承他的1.5亿英镑财产的一部份。
One of the designer's most important companions in later life was his Birman cat Choupette, who he has called his one true love and said he would marry if it were legal.
这位设计师晚年最重要的伙伴之一就是他的伯曼猫邱佩特，拉格菲尔德称它为他唯一的真爱，而且他还曾说过，如果（与动物结婚）合法的话，他会与邱佩特结婚。
Last year he told an interviewer that 'among others' he would be giving his riches to Choupette.
去年他在一次采访中表示，“除了其他人”，他还会把他的财产赠予邱佩特。
But Choupette isn't only a kept kitty, for she made more than ￡2.3million in one year alone after appearing in just two ad campaigns — one for Japenese beauty product Shu Uemura, and for German car company Vauxhall.
不过邱佩特并不只是一只宠物猫，它只参与了两个广告的拍摄就在一年里独自挣得了230多万英镑，其中一个是为日本美容产品植村秀拍摄的，另一个则是为德国汽车公司沃克斯豪尔拍摄的。
The gorgeous Birman cat has more than 128,000 Instagram followers. And it has been the inspiration for many of Lagerfeld's designs.
这只漂亮的伯曼猫在Ins上有超过128000名粉丝，而且它还是拉格菲尔德众多设计的灵感。
Speaking of his desire to make their relationship to be 'official', Lagerfeld once said: 'There is no marriage, yet, for human beings and animals… I never thought that I would fall in love like this with a cat.
谈到他想让他们的关系“正式化”的愿望，拉格菲尔德曾表示：“目前还没有人类和动物结婚的……我从未想过我会像这样爱上一只猫咪。
'I look a lot like her, we're really like an old couple.'
“我跟她很像，我们真的就像一对老夫妇。”
It is not yet known who will look after Choupette after Lagerfeld's death.
目前还不清楚拉格菲尔德离世之后将由谁来照顾邱佩特。
An employee in the public relations department at Tencent Holdings, operator of a live-broadcast app through which a man received online payments of more than 250,000 yuan ($36,400) from a 13-year-old girl for his singing talent, said the girl might have faked her age when registering.
腾讯控股有限公司公关部的一名员工、一款直播应用的负责人日前声称，一名男子通过在这个直播平台唱歌接受了一个13岁女孩25万多元（3.64万美元）的打赏，而该女孩在注册时可能隐瞒了年龄。
"Our data show that the user gave her age as 28, not 13, as reported in the media," the employee said.
这位工作人员表示：“我们的数据显示该用户的年龄是28岁，并非媒体上报道的13岁。”
"She gave her surname as Han when registering, which is also different from the name Su in media reports," the employee said.
这位工作人员说道：“她注册时说自己姓韩，也不是像媒体上报道的姓苏。”
The girl, said to be from Shanghai, paid the man between 1,900 and 9,500 yuan every day over a two-month period through online payments using her mother's mobile phone and debit card.
据悉，这个女孩来自上海，在两个月间每天都通过她妈妈的手机和银行卡，给这名男子网上支付1900元到9500元不等。
Her mother discovered the debits on Jan 30, China Central Television reported.
据中央电视台报道，她的妈妈在1月30日才发现了此事。
Viewers of online live broadcasting can send virtual gifts, which they purchase, to broadcasters. Gifts range from 0.1 yuan to more than 1,000 yuan. A percentage of the money goes to the platform.
直播平台的观众可以给主播送需要花钱买的虚拟礼物。礼物的价格从0.1元到1000元不等。直播平台从中抽取一定比例的提成。
"We hope the mother will come to us and verify the facts. If it's true that the user is a 13-year-old who spent the money without consent, we can negotiate a refund," the Tencent employee said.
这位腾讯公司员工说道：“我们希望她的妈妈能出面协助我们一起调查此事。如果用户确实13岁，未经允许花钱，那么我们可以协调退还。”
He said game and live-broadcast apps currently hosted by Tencent don't require real-name registration, but the company is considering establishing a platform for parents to monitor their children's behavior.
他表示，目前腾讯旗下的游戏和直播应用不需要实名注册，不过腾讯公司正在考虑建立一个平台，以方便家长监护孩子的行为。
If the oldest man ever elected president can “tweet like a kindergartner,” why not flip the script and see if a youngster can be elected to office and govern wisely?
如果一个“推文幼稚的像个幼儿园小朋友”一样最年长的人，都可以当选总统，那为什么反过来不试一下，看看年轻人能否当选并明智地执政?
That's part of the logic, anyway, behind the unlikely candidacy of Ethan Sonneborn, a 13-year-old running for governor of Vermont, one of just two states with no minimum age requirement for the office.
不管怎么样，这就是这位看起来不太可能的，但正在竞选佛蒙特州州长，13岁候选人桑尼伯恩背后的逻辑。佛蒙特州是美国仅有的两个对竞选州长无年龄要求的州之一。
Sonneborn, who lives in Bristol, Vermont, with his parents and younger sister, Julia, 11, is seeking the Democratic nomination.
桑尼伯恩和他的父母以及11岁的妹妹朱莉娅住在佛蒙特州的布里斯托尔，他正在寻求民主党的提名。
A candidate's age is no gauge of their effectiveness, Sonneborn tells PEOPLE, saying that despite Donald Trump being the oldest person elected to the U.S. Presidency, “He tweets like a kindergartener.”
“候选人的能力并不能用他们的年龄来衡量”，桑尼伯恩告诉《人物》（美国杂志）说，”尽管唐纳德·特朗普是当选美国总统的人中最年长的，但是“他的推文就像幼儿园小朋友一样”。“
Sonneborn says he's been dismayed not only by what he sees as Trump's troubling decisions and juvenile moments but also by the president's response after a counterprotester was killed during the August white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia — which is what cemented Sonneborn's decision to seek office.
桑尼伯恩说他不仅对特朗普的错误决定和无知时期感到失望，同时也因为总统对8月在弗吉尼亚州夏洛茨维尔举行的白人种族主义集会上反抗者被杀害后做出的回应感到失望——这也更加坚定了桑尼伯恩竞选州长的决心。
The eighth grader's candidacy is also about overcoming age discrimination, which he sees as a barrier to equality, and he says his quest for the top state spot is no joke.
这位八年级学生的候选资格还包括克服年龄歧视，他说，他对最高掌权者州长的追求不是开玩笑的。
“It was the real 'I have to do this' moment,” he says.
“这是真的“我必须去做这件事”的时刻了，”他说。
“I saw a woman die and I saw the president of the United States refuse to unequivocally condemn the people who killed her.”
“我亲眼见到一个女人死了，并且我看到美国总统拒绝明确谴责杀害她的人。”
“I think the best way to engage young people in the process is to win,” he says.
他说：“我认为在这个过程中让年轻人参与的最佳方式就是赢得比赛。”
If he wins the primary, he would face off against first-term Republican Gov. Phil Scott, 59.
如果他赢得初选，他将与59岁的共和党第一届州长菲尔·斯科特对决。
“This young Vermonter clearly has an interest in service and anyone putting ideas forward with the goal of making Vermont a better place is appreciated here,” Scott's spokeswoman, Rebecca Kelley, tells PEOPLE.
斯科特的发言人丽贝卡·凯利告诉《人物》杂志:“显然这位年轻的佛蒙特人对服务很感兴趣，任何人提出的想法想让佛蒙特成为一个更好的地方，都能。”
“As we work to keep and attract more young professionals and job creators, we appreciate every young person who is engaged and invested in our state.”
“我们正努力留住并吸引更多的年轻专业人士和创业者，我们感谢每一个在我们国家工作和投资的年轻人。”
Screengrab taken on January 11, 2015 from a video released on Islamist social networks shows a man claiming to be Amedy Coulibaly, who killed four hostages after seizing a Kosher supermarket in Parison January 9, 2015 (AFP Photo/)
这是2015年1月11日发布在伊斯兰主义社交网站上的视频截图，显示了一个自称为AmedyCoulibaly的男人，声称就是他在2015年1月9日杀死了犹太超市的四个人质。
Paris (AFP) - Some 1,400 people living in France have either joined the jihadist cause in Syria and Iraq or are planning to do so, Prime Minister Manuel Valls said Monday.
巴黎法新社-1400法国人已经加入圣战组织或者打算这么做，总理ManuelValls周一说。
"There are 1,400 individuals who are involved in the departures for jihad,for terrorism, in Syria and in Iraq," Valls told BFMTV.
“有1400人出境去参加圣战，加入叙利亚和伊拉克境内的恐怖主义组织。” Valls告诉BFMTV。
"There are close to 70 French citizens or residents in France who have died in Syria and Iraq in the ranks of the terrorists," he added.
他进一步补充到，“有大约70名法国公民为恐怖分子当兵战死在叙利亚和伊拉克。”
The latest government figures were a big jump from data in mid-December, when1,200 people were said to have left or are seeking to leave to battle alongside jihadists.
最新的官方资料显示十二月中旬的数据大幅增长，有1200人已经离开或者正谋求去战场加入圣战份子。
"It is a massive jump in very little time: there were just about 30 cases when I became interior minister (in mid-2012), and 1,400 today," said Valls.
“这可是短期内的大幅跃升：当我还是内政部长时仅有30个案例，今天则是1400。”
The two gunmen who slaughtered 12 people at satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo,Cherif Kouachi and his brother Said, were likely among those who had left the country to "to be trained to kill and to sow terror".
两个抢手在讽刺杂志查理周刊屠杀了12个人，谢里夫库阿奇和他的兄弟塞得，他们可能就是出国“接受屠杀训练并散播恐怖”的人中的两个。
The third gunman, Amedy Coulibaly, who stormed a kosher supermarket on Friday,never left for such training, said Valls.
第三个枪手，Amedy Coulibaly，在周五袭击了一家犹太超市，没有出国接受过培训，Valls说。
"He was not on the intelligence services' radar," added the prime minister.
“他不在情报系统监视范围内，”总理补充道。
French authorities said in December that they have dismantled about a dozen networks that were sending people to fight in Iraq and Syria.
法国当局十二月发表声明，他们已经取缔了十几个向人们发布去伊拉克和叙利亚作战的网络。
France, along with Belgium, has seen the largest numbers of volunteers leaving to join the Islamic State jihadist group, which has seized large parts of Syriaand Iraq.
与比利时接壤的法国已经有大量志愿者出国加入伊斯兰国圣战组织，这个组织占领了伊拉克和叙利亚的大片区域。
1、Procrastination
1、拖延
This habit can seriously hurt you in a work setting. If you’re one of those folks who believes that you do your best work at the last minute and put off projects or assignments until the day (or hour) before they’re due, you may not be aware of the impact your habit is having on your co-workers.If your last-minute rush requires others to work quickly, you will likely anger them, and you’ll be the first one blamed when a project fails or isn’t completed on time.
这个习惯会严重影响你的工作。如果你认为在最后时刻可以发挥最好，不断地推迟任务直至最后一天（一个小时），你可能没有认识到你的这种习惯给同事们带来的影响。如果最后一刻再来赶工，要求别人迅速完成任务，很可能会惹恼你的同事，在任务失败或者未按时完成时候，你就是第一个被责备的人。
2、Lying
2、说谎
Misrepresenting your credentials or intentionally plagiarizing, lying on time sheets or billable hours, misusing expense accounts or abusing company credit cards, stealing the kudos for a co-workers' accomplishments, or otherwise robbing your employers blind can all cost you your job.
简历造假，蓄意剽窃，在时间表或者计费工时上撒谎，伪造费用账户，滥用公司信用卡，窃取同事成果以获得荣誉及骗取公司财产都会让你丢掉工作。
3、Negativity
3、消极
So many of us habitually gossip, whine or complain. But do any of these too often and your job could be on the line. These all lead to the same end result: you become a headache for your manager. Your boss is likely responsible for ensuring her teams are contributing to positive morale and anyone on the team who is counterproductive to that reflects poorly on her. Negative employees are often referred to as 'cancer' by upper management for good reason: they will eventually be cut out. A good approach if you have a complaint is to speak with your manager directly, in private. Never drum up your co-workers for support first.
我们当中很多人都有八卦抱怨的习惯。但是如果做的太频繁的话，工作恐怕就不保了。所有的这些会带来一个同样的结果：变成了老板的眼中的麻烦。一般来讲，老板要确保自己的团队有正面的能量，团队中如果有人是消极的，会有损他的形象。消极的员工在高级管理层中被认为是“癌细胞”，这是因为“他们早晚会被割除”。如果你有怨念的话，一个好的办法就是私底下直接和老板对话。 千万不要一开始就拉拢人心寻求支持。
4、Tardiness
4、拖拉
If you constantly arrive late to work, or return late from breaks, it displays an attitude of complacency and carelessness. So be prompt or even a bit early to show that you are time conscious and that you do care about your job and other people’s time, as well.
上班迟到，休息后又迟回工作岗位表现出来的是一种傲慢、随便的工作态度。 因此，快速或者甚至是稍微提前一点进入工作状态说明你有时间观念，你确实很在乎工作和别人时间。
5、Poor e-mail communication
5、低效的邮件沟通
This can involve everything from not responding to e-mails to not being aware of how you come across in an e-mail. If you have a bad habit of taking too long to check or respond to e-mails, you could miss important meetings or deadlines, cause delays or confusion, or come off as unprofessional.
低效的邮件沟通包括很多内容，从不及时回复邮件，到表达不清等问题都包括其中。如果你没有及时回复邮件的好习惯，你可能会错过重要的会议或者是截止日期，造成推迟以及迷惑，被认为是不专业的。
6、Social media addiction
6、沉溺于社交媒体
Another common path to job loss is the habitual obsession that many employees have with social media. Some companies have taken measures to monitor or limit their employees’ social media use, while others have blocked these sites completely. So beware: spending too much time on social media or other websites not related to your work can cost you your job.
另一个会造成失业的常见的习惯就是过度沉溺于社交媒体。有些公司采取了相应的措施来监控或限制员工使用社交媒体。有些公司甚至完全屏蔽掉这些网站。所以注意了花太多的时间在社交媒体或者与工作无关的网站上可能会让你饭碗不保哦！
7、Bad body language habits
7、糟糕的肢体语言
Do you routinely roll your eyes? Do you have a weak handshake? Do you avoid making eye contact? These could all be career killers. People must understand that actions speak louder than words. And the majority of our communication is done through non-verbal cues. People could perceive some of your non-verbal communication habits as rude or unprofessional—and these things could eventually have a significant impact on the advancement of your career.
你有翻白眼的习惯吗？握手时有气无力？不爱进行眼神交流？这些可谓是职业杀手。人们必须意识到行动大于言语，大部分的沟通是通过非语言暗示完成的。你的一些非语言习惯可能会被认为是不礼貌的，不专业的—而这些最终会严重影响你的职业发展。
An Australian woman whose cats ate each other after she abandoned them in her home has been convicted of animal cruelty.
澳大利亚一名女子将其猫咪们遗弃在家里，最后这些猫咪们竟同类相食，目前该女子已被判虐待动物罪。
RSPCA inspectors found 13 dead cats and an emaciated survivor when they raided the property in Adelaide, South Australia, in September 2015.
2015年9月，当“防止虐待动物协会（RSPCA）”的检察员们打开这处位于南澳大利亚阿德莱德的房子时，他们发现了14只猫咪，其中13只已经死去，仅存的那只也瘦弱不堪。
The 43-year-old woman was placed on a 12-month good behaviour bond and banned from owning animals.
这名43岁的女子被判处为期12个月的行为考察，并且不得再次拥有宠物。
The surviving cat, since named Trooper, has recovered and found a new home.
幸存的那只猫咪被命名特鲁珀，目前已经康复并找到了一个新家。
RSPCA South Australia chief inspector Andrea Lewis said it was a "heartbreaking" case for staff.
防止虐待动物协会南澳首席检查员安德里亚·刘易斯表示，对工作人员来说这是一件“令人心碎”的事。
"They see some pretty awful things," she told the BBC. "But this is something that will stay with them for a long time."
她向BBC透露称：“他们看到了一些非常可怕的事情，但是他们将在很长一段时间内继续接触这类事情。”
Video footage recorded by the RSPCA shows the house littered with mess, including animal faeces.
据防止虐待动物协会录制的视频显示，那间房间里满是垃圾杂物胡乱不堪，还有动物粪便。
Ms Lewis urged people to contact family, neighbours or an animal shelter if they were no longer able to care for their pets.
刘易斯呼吁那些不能再照顾自己宠物的人们要联系家人、邻居或者动物收容所来接手这些动物。
"People should just never walk away and leave their animals," Ms Lewis said. "Everyone has a legal obligation to look after animals in their care."
刘易斯说道：“人们不能像这样，抛弃他们的宠物。每个人都有悉心照料自己宠物的法律义务。”
A 14-year-old Chinese boy overcame two of humankind's most dreaded fears--getting stuck in an elevator and getting homework done, in a single night thanks to his quick-witted character.
日前，一名14岁的中国少年，在一个晚上的时间内克服了人类史上的两大恐惧：被困电梯和完成家庭作业。而这多亏了他机智的性格。
Sun Yixiao was on his way up last Tuesday evening after school, when the lift suddenly lurched to a stop.
在上周二晚上放学后，孙轶潇乘坐电梯回家，可是电梯突然故障停止运行。
A moment of panic followed, before the teenager decided to take matters into his own hands and find a way out.
惊慌随之而来，不过这名少年很快镇定下来，他决定把控局面，寻找逃生出路。
Sun said he tried to pry open the elevator door, but dismissed the idea and instead leaned against the wall concerned there could be a malfunction that would send the elevator in a free fall.
孙轶潇表示，他曾想撬开电梯门，但是他放弃了这个想法。相反，考虑到电梯出了故障可能会自由下坠，他选择背靠电梯。
He then pressed all the buttons in the hope to get the elevator to work again, but to no avail. Sun then punched the "stop" button, to lock the elevator and secure it won't move.
寄希望于电梯可能会再度恢复运行，他随即按下所有楼层的按钮，但是并没有奏效。于是，孙轶潇按下"停止"按钮，锁住电梯，确保不会再下坠。
Without a cellphone at hand, Sun tried yelling to get the attention of people outside, but no one responded as time passed by.
由于孙轶潇没带手机，他开始尝试大声呼救以引起外面人的注意，但是时间一分一秒地流过，并没有人回应他。
But the young boy still had on last trick up his sleeve before surrendering.
但是这位少年依然没有放弃，他还留了最后一手。
He slipped a note through the door with the message "People stuck inside, please ask the property management for help," and hoped someone would pick it up and act on it.
他通过电梯门递出一张纸条，上面写着"有人被困在电梯内，请叫物业来帮忙。"寄希望于有人可以捡到并来救他。
After exhausting all his options, the practical kid decided to tend to his academic responsibilities, not knowing how long it would take before someone finds him.
在做完所有他能做的自救措施后，这个务实的孩子不知道还要多久才会有人来救他，于是他决定做家庭作业。
He took out his textbooks and busied himself with his daily homework routine.
他拿出教材，开始做起了家庭作业。
Soon after he finished his duties, Sun heard loud voices coming from outside.
在完成作业不久之后，孙轶萧就听到外面嘈杂的响声。
"There was a large crowd outside, including my teachers and other parents, people looked quite agitated," Sun said of the moment he was rescued.
"电梯外面很多人，有我的老师，别的家长们，他们看起来都非常焦急，"孙轶潇在获救后表示。
He had been stranded for five hours by the time help arrived.
截止被救时，他在电梯内总共被困了5个小时。
On China's Twitter-like Weibo, many netizens thumbed up the boy's bravery and calmness in the face of such emergency.
在中国版推特新浪微博上，很多网民为男孩危急情况下的勇敢、淡定点赞。
"The guy must have weighted the pros and cons of the situation: he had a great chance to survive a stranded elevator, but would have been doomed if he left homework undone," joked @Zealshifang.
"这个家伙对当前情况作了利弊权衡：他有很大机会从故障电梯逃生，但是如果家庭作业没完成，他会很倒霉。"一名名为Zealshifang的用户调侃道。
Two arrested in connection to shooting of Lecent Ross
Lecent Ross枪击案已逮捕两人
Investigators have arrested one youth and one 18-year-old in connection to the July 9th shooting.
关于7月9日的枪击案，调查人员已逮捕两名年轻人，其中一名18岁。
Two arrests have been made in connection to the shooting death of 14-year-old Lecent Ross, police said Thursday.
警方周四表示，关于14岁少女Lecent Ross的枪击案，已逮捕两人。
Investigators have arrested one youth and one 18-year-old in connection to the July 9th shooting death, which occurred inside a Jamestown Cres. home.
关于7月9日发生于詹姆斯敦Cres.家中的枪杀案，调查人员已逮捕两名年轻人，其中一名18岁。
Detectives have laid charges, but said they will not release the details of the offenses until Friday when both the 18-year-old and the youth are expected to appear in court.
私人侦探已进行指控，但是他们表示，不会公布枪击详情，除非两名年轻人周五出庭。
Lecent was with an unknown number of other youth when she was killed by a single bullet inside a home in a public-housing complex near Martin Grove Rd. and Finch Ave W.
事发时，Lecent正与其他年轻人一起在Finch大道，Martin Grove路附近的一家酒吧，她被一颗子弹击中，抢救无效死亡。
The .40-calibre Smith & Wesson that killed her, a semi-automatic handgun, was seized by police to undergo ballistics testing to determine if it had been used in other crimes.
警方在屋内查出一柄40口径的Smith & Wesson半自动手枪，目前正在进行弹道测试，检查器是否牵涉其他犯罪活动。
In the month since her death, police have not said whether she accidentally pulled the trigger or was shot by someone else in the room.
Lecent去世当月，警方并未透露是她自己无意间扣动扳机还是被屋内的其他人射中。
Days after her death, Ross’ mother, Alicia Jesquith, told reporters she needed answers for the sudden death of her daughter, described by friends and family as a vibrant, ambitious young girl who lit up the room.
亲朋好友称Ross是一个充满活力有梦想的女孩子，她走到哪里，都会被她点亮。她去世后几天，她的母亲Alicia Jesquith告诉记者，女儿突然离世，她需要一个答案。
“Why did this happen to my daughter?” she said. “There’s been so many deaths because of the guns. I don’t know how many people have to die.”
“为什么这件事发生在我女儿身上？”她说，“因为枪支造成的死亡太多了，我不知道还要死多少人。”
A reporter was turned away at the unit where Ross lived, with a woman politely stating from behind the closed front door that the child’s mother isn’t ready to speak publicly.
在Ross居住的单元，不准记者入内，一名妇女在门缝中礼貌的说，孩子的母亲还没有准备好公开发言。
Around the corner from Ross’s home, a group of men sat on the shaded stoop of a townhouse, sipping from beer bottles and listening to music. One man who didn’t want to be named said he knew the arrested youth and young man since they were little kids.
在Ross家附近的拐角处，一群男人坐在一家别墅的遮阳门廊，喝着啤酒，听着音乐。一个不愿意透露姓名的男人说，他从小就认识逮捕的这两个人。
“It’s horrible,” he said. “Whenever I see someone with a gun, I take it away and report it to police.”
“太可怕了，”他说，“我见到有人带枪，就把枪拿走，报告警察。”
译文属可可英语原创，未经允许，不得转载。
A mother has written a letter in defence of her 14-year-old son who is facing a lawsuit over video game cheats in the US.
日前，美国一位母亲为她14岁的、因在视频游戏中作弊而面临指控的儿子，写信进行辩护。
Caleb Rogers is one of two people facing legal action from gaming studio Epic Games for using cheat software to play the game Fortnite.
Epic Games游戏工作室对包括迦勒·罗杰斯在内的两个人进行了法律诉讼，因为他们使用作弊软件来玩《堡垒之夜》这个游戏。
The studio says it has taken the step because the boy declined to remove a YouTube video he published which promoted how to use the software.
该工作室称，他们已经采取了措施，因为这个男孩拒绝删除发布在youtube上的视频，而在这个视频中他向人们介绍了如何去使用这个软件。
His mother says he is a scapegoat. 'This company is in the process of attempting to sue a 14-year-old child,' she wrote in the letter which has been shared online.
而他的妈妈则称他只是一个替罪羔羊。她在已经在网络上发布的信件中写道：“这个公司正在试图去指控一个14岁的孩子。”
Ms Rogers added that she had not given her son parental consent to play the game as stated in its terms and conditions, and that as the game was free to play, the studio could not claim loss of profit as a result of the cheats.
罗杰斯夫人还表示，正如条款中所述，她并没有同意她的儿子玩这个游戏。此外，由于这个游戏是免费的，所以该工作室不能够断言因为作弊软件而造成了利润损失。
"It is my belief that due to their lack of ability to curve cheat codes and others from modifying their game, they are using a 14-year-old child as a scapegoat to make an example of him," she said.
她说道：“我认为，由于这家公司没有打击盗版或其他恶意修改游戏行为的能力，所以他们把一个14岁的孩子当替罪羊来以儆效尤。”
In a statement given to the website Kotaku, Epic Games said the lawsuit was a result of Mr Rogers "filing a DMCA counterclaim to a takedown notice on a YouTube video that exposed and promoted Fortnite Battle Royale cheats and exploits."
Epic Games在网站Kotaku上发表的一份声明中则指出，提起法律诉讼的原因是罗杰斯在一个YouTube视频的可移除标签上写下了涉及DMCA的反诉内容，这段视频展示并推广了《堡垒之夜》外挂软件。
Epic is not OK with ongoing cheating or copyright infringement from anyone at any age, it said.
该声明称，EPIC绝不容忍任何人的欺骗或者侵犯版权的行为，不管他的年龄有多大。
重点单词
查看全部解释
deprivation
[.depri'vein]
想一想再看
n. 剥夺，免职，匮乏，丧失，夺去
联想记忆
X
单词deprivation 联想记忆：
de离开，priv＝privat私人的－从私人那里拿走－剥夺
avoid
[?'v?id]
想一想再看
vt. 避免，逃避
联想记忆
X
单词avoid 联想记忆：
a朝向，void空－空城计－避开
navigation
[.n?vi'gein]
想一想再看
n. 航行，航海，导航
opposed
[?'p?uzd]
想一想再看
adj. 反对的，敌对的 v. 和 ... 起冲突，反抗
initially
[i'nili]
想一想再看
adv. 最初，开头
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
yacht
[j?t]
想一想再看
n. 游艇，快艇 vi. 驾快艇
联想记忆
X
单词yacht 联想记忆：
读：游艇
route
[ru:t]
想一想再看
n. 路线，(固定)线路，途径
vt. 为 .
comfort
['k?mf?t]
想一想再看
n. 舒适，安逸，安慰，慰藉
vt. 安慰，使
联想记忆
X
单词comfort 联想记忆：
com共同+fort强大→一起给力量→安慰；舒适
setting
['seti?]
想一想再看
n. 安装，放置，周围，环境，(为诗等谱写的)乐曲
<br
重点单词
查看全部解释
deprivation
[.depri'vein]
想一想再看
n. 剥夺，免职，匮乏，丧失，夺去
联想记忆
X
单词deprivation 联想记忆：
de离开，priv＝privat私人的－从私人那里拿走－剥夺
avoid
[?'v?id]
想一想再看
vt. 避免，逃避
联想记忆
X
单词avoid 联想记忆：
a朝向，void空－空城计－避开
navigation
[.n?vi'gein]
想一想再看
n. 航行，航海，导航
opposed
[?'p?uzd]
想一想再看
adj. 反对的，敌对的 v. 和 ... 起冲突，反抗
initially
[i'nili]
想一想再看
adv. 最初，开头
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
yacht
[j?t]
想一想再看
n. 游艇，快艇 vi. 驾快艇
联想记忆
X
单词yacht 联想记忆：
读：游艇
route
[ru:t]
想一想再看
n. 路线，(固定)线路，途径
vt. 为 .
comfort
['k?mf?t]
想一想再看
n. 舒适，安逸，安慰，慰藉
vt. 安慰，使
联想记忆
X
单词comfort 联想记忆：
com共同+fort强大→一起给力量→安慰；舒适
setting
['seti?]
想一想再看
n. 安装，放置，周围，环境，(为诗等谱写的)乐曲
<br
重点单词
查看全部解释
deprivation
[.depri'vein]
想一想再看
n. 剥夺，免职，匮乏，丧失，夺去
联想记忆
X
单词deprivation 联想记忆：
de离开，priv＝privat私人的－从私人那里拿走－剥夺
avoid
[?'v?id]
想一想再看
vt. 避免，逃避
联想记忆
X
单词avoid 联想记忆：
a朝向，void空－空城计－避开
navigation
[.n?vi'gein]
想一想再看
n. 航行，航海，导航
opposed
[?'p?uzd]
想一想再看
adj. 反对的，敌对的 v. 和 ... 起冲突，反抗
initially
[i'nili]
想一想再看
adv. 最初，开头
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
yacht
[j?t]
想一想再看
n. 游艇，快艇 vi. 驾快艇
联想记忆
X
单词yacht 联想记忆：
读：游艇
route
[ru:t]
想一想再看
n. 路线，(固定)线路，途径
vt. 为 .
comfort
['k?mf?t]
想一想再看
n. 舒适，安逸，安慰，慰藉
vt. 安慰，使
联想记忆
X
单词comfort 联想记忆：
com共同+fort强大→一起给力量→安慰；舒适
setting
['seti?]
想一想再看
n. 安装，放置，周围，环境，(为诗等谱写的)乐曲
<br
重点单词
查看全部解释
deprivation
[.depri'vein]
想一想再看
n. 剥夺，免职，匮乏，丧失，夺去
联想记忆
X
单词deprivation 联想记忆：
de离开，priv＝privat私人的－从私人那里拿走－剥夺
avoid
[?'v?id]
想一想再看
vt. 避免，逃避
联想记忆
X
单词avoid 联想记忆：
a朝向，void空－空城计－避开
navigation
[.n?vi'gein]
想一想再看
n. 航行，航海，导航
opposed
[?'p?uzd]
想一想再看
adj. 反对的，敌对的 v. 和 ... 起冲突，反抗
initially
[i'nili]
想一想再看
adv. 最初，开头
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
yacht
[j?t]
想一想再看
n. 游艇，快艇 vi. 驾快艇
联想记忆
X
单词yacht 联想记忆：
读：游艇
route
[ru:t]
想一想再看
n. 路线，(固定)线路，途径
vt. 为 .
comfort
['k?mf?t]
想一想再看
n. 舒适，安逸，安慰，慰藉
vt. 安慰，使
联想记忆
X
单词comfort 联想记忆：
com共同+fort强大→一起给力量→安慰；舒适
setting
['seti?]
想一想再看
n. 安装，放置，周围，环境，(为诗等谱写的)乐曲
<br
重点单词
查看全部解释
deprivation
[.depri'vein]
想一想再看
n. 剥夺，免职，匮乏，丧失，夺去
联想记忆
X
单词deprivation 联想记忆：
de离开，priv＝privat私人的－从私人那里拿走－剥夺
avoid
[?'v?id]
想一想再看
vt. 避免，逃避
联想记忆
X
单词avoid 联想记忆：
a朝向，void空－空城计－避开
navigation
[.n?vi'gein]
想一想再看
n. 航行，航海，导航
opposed
[?'p?uzd]
想一想再看
adj. 反对的，敌对的 v. 和 ... 起冲突，反抗
initially
[i'nili]
想一想再看
adv. 最初，开头
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
yacht
[j?t]
想一想再看
n. 游艇，快艇 vi. 驾快艇
联想记忆
X
单词yacht 联想记忆：
读：游艇
route
[ru:t]
想一想再看
n. 路线，(固定)线路，途径
vt. 为 .
comfort
['k?mf?t]
想一想再看
n. 舒适，安逸，安慰，慰藉
vt. 安慰，使
联想记忆
X
单词comfort 联想记忆：
com共同+fort强大→一起给力量→安慰；舒适
setting
['seti?]
想一想再看
n. 安装，放置，周围，环境，(为诗等谱写的)乐曲
<br
This 1977 file photo shows Apple co-founder Steve Jobs as he introduces the new Apple II in Cupertino, Calif.
苹果公司创始人史蒂夫乔布斯在旧金山的库比蒂诺（苹果电脑的全球总公司所在地）介绍新研发的苹果II 型机，1977，旧金山
In this April 24, 1984, file photo, from left, Steve Jobs, chairman of Apple Computers, John Sculley, president and CEO, and Steve Wozniak, co-founder of Apple, unveil the new Apple IIc computer in San Francisco
照片左起分别是苹果董事长史蒂夫乔布斯，总裁兼CEO约翰斯卡利，创始人之一的斯蒂夫沃兹尼亚克，他们正在推出新款苹果II c型机，1984年4月24日，旧金山
In this Jan. 24, 1984, file photo, Steve Jobs, chairman of the board of Apple Computer, leans on the new "Macintosh" personal computer following a shareholder's meeting in Cupertino, Calif
乔布斯靠在一台“麦金托什”个人电脑上在股东大会谈笑风生，1984年1月，旧金山，库比蒂诺
In this Sept. 18, 1990, file photo, Steve Jobs, president and CEO of NeXT Computer Inc., shows off his company's new NeXTstation after an introduction to the public in San Francisco
NeXT 电脑公司总裁兼CEO史蒂夫乔布斯在向公众展示他的新一代NeXT 工作站（此时乔布斯已经离开苹果创办了皮克斯动画和NeXT 电脑公司），1990年9月18日，旧金山
In this Jan. 7, 1997, file photo, Steve Jobs, chief executive of Pixar, speaks at the MacWorld trade show in San Francisco.
皮克斯动画公司CEO乔布斯（此时乔布斯已重返苹果公司）在苹果展销会上作演讲，1997年，1月7日
In this May 6, 1998, file photo, Steve Jobs of Apple Computers unveils the the new iMac computer in Cupertino, Calif
苹果推出了新一代iMac 电脑，1998年5月6日，旧金山
In this Jan. 6, 2004 file photo, Apple CEO Steve Jobs displays the at the Macworld Conference and Expo in San Francisco. Jobs,
乔布斯在苹果博览会上展示iPod mini ，2004年1月6日，旧金山
Apple Inc.'s Chief Executive Officer Steve Jobs is shown in this combination photo of file photographs dating (top row L to R) July 2000, November 2003, September 2005, (bottom L to R) September 2006, January 2007 and September 2008. Jobs will take a medical leave of absence until the end of June because his health problems are "more complex" than he had thought, shocking investors and sending the company's shares down as much as 10 percent on January 14, 2009.
201110/156061.shtml
这是乔布斯从2000年6月到2008年9月的照片合集，显示了他健康状况的巨大变化。
In this Jan. 9, 2007 file phtoo, Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up an Apple iPhone at the MacWorld Conference in San Francisco. Jobs the CEO,
乔布斯在苹果博览会上手持iPhone ，2007年，1月9日，旧金山
In this Jan. 15, 2008, file photo, Apple CEO Steve Jobs holds up the new MacBook Air after giving the keynote address at the Apple MacWorld Conference in San Francisco
乔布斯在苹果大会上作专题演讲后展示MacBook Air ，2008年，1月15日，旧金山
Apple Chief Executive Officer Steve Jobs holds the new " iPad" during the launch of Apple's new tablet computing device in San Francisco, California, in this January 27, 2010
乔布斯在苹果平板电脑发布会上展示iPad，2010年1月，旧金山
Apple CEO Steve Jobs poses with the new iPhone 4 during the Apple Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco, California in this June 7, 2010
乔布斯在苹果全球研发者大会上手持iPhone 4 ，2010年6月7日，旧金山
Apple Inc. CEO Steve Jobs introduces the iPad 2 on stage during an Apple event in San Francisco, California in this March 2, 2011,
乔布斯正在展示 iPad 2。2011年3月，旧金山
An iPhone displays an image of Steve Jobs as it sits with a memorial to the Apple founder and former CEO outside an Apple Store, Wednesday, Oct. 5, 2011 in New York. Jobs passed away Wednesday at the age of 56
在苹果公司外面，摆着一台显示乔布斯照片的iPhone ，用以寄托对这位苹果创始人和前CEO的哀思。2011年10月6日，旧金山，苹果总部
A thin line separates confidence and delusion, and Kobe Bryant is straddling it. It's the only conclusion one could reach after judging the Los Angeles Lakers star's comments Tuesday after he tied the worst shooting performance of his career in any game in which he attempted at least five shots.
自信和迷茫只有一线之隔，而现在的科比·布莱恩特正横跨在这两端。这是在周二与勇士的比赛中我们唯一可以得出的结论。这位湖人队的超级明星打出了自己职业生涯当中，单场至少五次投篮的比赛中最糟糕的一场。
In a humiliating 111-77 loss to the Golden State Warriors at Oracle Arena, Bryant shot 1-of-14 from the field, including 1-of-7 from 3-point range, and scored four points. He also shot 1-of-14 in a loss last season to the San Antonio Spurs.
在甲骨文球场以77比111耻辱性地输掉的这场比赛中，科比11投仅1中，其中三分球7投1中，全场只拿下4分。在上个赛季输给圣安东尼奥马刺队的比赛中。他也曾14投1中。
Bryant is the first player this season with four or fewer points on 14 or more field goal attempts.
科比也不幸成为本赛季当中第1位至少投篮14次却只拿下4分甚至更少的球员。
Many of his shots hit the front of the rim. Some 3-point attempts were air-balls. He blew one layup that should have been a dunk -- and probably would have been years ago, before all his injuries. And one shot, perhaps the cruelest of all, became lodged where the rim and backboard meet. An opposing player had to help pry it loose.
他的投篮许多次都是只打中篮筐的前沿儿。而一些三分投篮甚至投出了三不沾。许多本应是扣篮的球最终他只选择了上篮，当然了，这是相比在若干年前没有任何伤病的他而言的。而最残酷的是，其中一次投篮，科比甚至把球嵌在了篮筐与篮板之间。最终还是对方的球员把球拿了下来。
The performance was his worst so far this season, yet, frankly, it wasn't too dissimilar from those that preceded it. In his 20th NBA season, the 37-year-old Bryant has looked his age.
这场比赛的糟糕表现是本赛季截止现在科比打的最差的一场，但是坦白来说，这与之前的比赛并没有太大差别。在他的第二十个NBA赛季，37岁的科比的发挥已经和他的年龄相符了。
But once again, Bryant said he's fine, that his health is fine, that his shot is fine, and he diverted the conversation elsewhere, largely to his teammates and the team's overall scheme.
但是又一次，科比仍然表示自己很健康，自己的投篮很好，之后就将话题转向了关于他的队友和球队赛程上面。
"I'm not really worried about it, honestly," Bryant said. "My shooting will be better."
“老实说，我真的不担心。”科比说，“我的投篮会变好的。”
Until a couple of games ago, Stephen Curry really hadn't thought much about making more NBA history.
在最近一连串的几场比赛之前，史蒂芬·库里真的没有想到能够创造这么多的NBA历史纪录。
Now, Curry and the Golden State Warriors are right road of adding another accomplishment.
现在，库里和他的金州勇士队正行进在为创造又一个成就的正确道路上。
Curry scored 27 points and the defending champions moved within one victory of matching the best start in NBA history, holding off the Chicago Bulls 106-94 on Friday night to improve to 14-0.
在周五晚上，金州勇士队以106比94击败了芝加哥公牛队，将战绩提升为14胜0负。库里本场比赛拿下27分，而卫冕冠军也距离NBA历史最佳开局纪录只有一场之遥。
"It's a goal that's right here and now and it's something that we want to experience," Curry said. "It'd be a huge accomplishment because doing something that hasn't been done in the history of the league is special. You never know if this opportunity will come back again. There are so many variables that go into winning this many in a row, especially the start of the season."
“这是一个目标，也是我们想经历的事情”，库里赛后表示。“这将会是一个巨大的成就，因为做一些在联盟历史上还从未发生过的事情，感觉会是非常与众不同的。你永远也不会知道，这种机会是否还会再次来过。在取得这一连串的胜利过程当中，有许多许多的不可掌控的因素，特别是在赛季的开局阶段。”
Golden State equaled the 1957-58 Celtics as the only defending champions to win their initial 14 games. The Warriors are one of five teams in NBA history to begin 14-0, and will travel to Denver looking to keep it going Sunday.
凭借这场胜利，金州勇士队追平了由1957-1958赛季的波士顿凯尔特人队创造的卫冕冠军赛季开局14连胜纪录。而勇士队也是成为在NBA历史上，仅有的五只以14胜0负开局的球队。接下来，他们将会作客丹佛，力争在周日将纪录继续保持下去。
Are you a Type D personality? Test reveals how the little-known character type is so good at bottling up emotions that even they don't realize they're lonely and anxious.
你有D型人格特征吗？有测试表明，拥有这种鲜为人知的性格的人非常善于隐藏情感，甚至他们自己都没有意识到自己很孤单、很焦虑。
Are you often irritable?
你经常烦躁吗？
Do you tend to hide your feelings from others?
你倾向于隐藏自己的感情吗？
Do you often feel gloomy and down in the dumps?
你是否经常闷闷不乐、心情不好？
If the answer is "yes", then maybe you are a Type D personality.
如果答案是“是”，那么也许你是D型人格的人。
Type D personalities usually have a low self-esteem and a great fear of disapproval and this is the primary reason that prevents them from opening up to others.
D型人格的人通常自尊心不足，害怕被反对。这也是他们不想向其他人敞开心扉的主要原因。
Thus assuming that type D personalities lack social interest is not correct but the right thing is that they might be interested in people but afraid to approach them because they fear rejection.
因此，D型人格的人并不是缺乏社交兴趣，而是可能对别人感兴趣，但又害怕接近别人，因为他们害怕被拒绝。
Negative emotions such as worrying, stress, depression and anger visit type D personalities more often. A small event that is usually overlooked by others can bother a type D a lot and even ruin his mood.
担忧、紧张、抑郁和愤怒等负面情绪更常在D型人格的人身上体现。一件常常被他人忽视的小事就可能让D型人格的人烦恼，甚至会破坏他的心情。
The term was first devised by psychologist Johan Denollet from Tilburg University who created a quiz to identify a type D personality.
“D型人格”最先由荷兰蒂尔堡大学的心理学家Johan Denollet提出。他还设计了一个测试，帮助人们认识自己是否具有D型人格特征。
Quiz
测试
Below are a number of statements that people often use to describe themselves.
以下是人们经常用来描述自己的一些句子。
Choose the number next to each statement that best reflects your feelings.
每个句子后面有5个数字，选择最能反映你的感受的数字。
There are no right or wrong answers, just be honest with yourself.
这项测试的答案没有对错，只要对自己诚实即可。
0=false
0=不是
1=somewhat false
1=不全是
2=neutral
2=中立
3=somewhat true
3=有时是
4=true
4=是
1) I make contact easily when I meet people 0 1 2 3 4
遇到别人我能很轻松地和他/她交谈
2) I often talk to strangers 0 1 2 3 4
我经常和陌生人说话
3) I am often irritated 0 1 2 3 4
我经常生气
4) I often feel inhibited in social interactions 0 1 2 3 4
社交中我经常压抑自己
5) I take a gloomy view of things 0 1 2 3 4
我对事物持悲观态度
6) I find it hard to start a conversation 0 1 2 3 4
我发现自己很难开启一段对话
7) I am often in a bad mood 0 1 2 3 4
我经常心情不好
8) I am a closed kind of person 0 1 2 3 4
我是一个封闭的人
9) I would rather keep people at a distance 0 1 2 3 4
我更愿意和别人保持距离
10) I often make a fuss about unimportant things 0 1 2 3 4
我经常在不重要的事上花费很多精力
11) I often feel unhappy 0 1 2 3 4
我经常觉得不开心
12) I often find myself worrying about something 0 1 2 3 4
我发现自己经常担心一些事情
13) I am often down in the dumps 0 1 2 3 4
我经常心情沮丧
14) When socializing, I don't find the right things to talk about 0 1 2 3 4
社交时我找不到合适的话题
Add your scores for questions one to nine to see how you score on the Negative Affectivity scale
将第1题到第9题的分数相加，计算自己在“消极情感”维度的得分。
On questions 10 and 11, if you circled 0, enter 4; if 1, enter 3; if 2, enter 2; if 3, enter 1; if 4, enter 0.
第10、11题，选0得4分，选1得3分，选2得2分，选3得1分，选4得0分。
Add your scores for 10 to 14 to find out how you score on the Social Inhibition scale.
将第10题到14题的分数相加，计算自己在“社交抑制”维度的得分。
You qualify as a type D personality if you scored 10 or higher on both Negative Affectivity and Social Inhibition scales.
如果在“消极情感”和“社交抑制”两个维度得分均为10分或10分以上，那么你就是一个有D型人格特征的人。
The first thing you must understand about personality types is that they have nothing to do with genes. This means that if you have a Type D personality then this doesn't mean that you can't change it. Also, the quiz doesn't mean that the result of the quiz determines your destiny. According to psychology, any personality trait can be changed.
首先必须了解的一件事是，人格类型与基因无关。这意味着D型人格特征并不是无法改变的。另外，测验也并不意味着测验的结果会决定你的命运。心理学研究表明，任何人格特征都可以改变。
Learn to control your emotions, control your thoughts, get over fear of rejection and learn to open up.
学会控制自己的情绪，控制自己的想法，克服对被拒绝的恐惧，学会向别人敞开心扉。
Type A and Type B personality theory describes Type A individuals as outgoing, ambitious, rigidly organized, highly status-conscious, sensitive, impatient, anxious, proactive, and concerned with time management.
A型与B型人格理论指出，A型人格的人外向、野心勃勃、严谨、地位意识强、敏感、不耐烦、焦虑、积极主动和注重时间管理。
People with Type A personalities are often high-achieving "workaholics". They push themselves with deadlines, and hate both delays and ambivalence. People with Type A personalities experience more job-related stress and less job satisfaction.
有A型人格特征的人往往是高成就的“工作狂”。他们用最后期限激励自己，讨厌延迟和矛盾心理。A型人格的人工作压力更大，工作满意度更低。
The theory describes Type B individuals as a contrast to those of Type A. Type B personality, by definition, are noted to live at lower stress levels. They typically work steadily, and may enjoy achievement, although they have a greater tendency to disregard physical or mental stress when they do not achieve.
同样，A型与B型人格理论指出，B型人与A型人截然相反。根据定义，B型人格的人生活压力较小。尽管他们在没有实现自己的目标时更容易忽视身体或精神上的压力，但通常可以稳定工作，享受成功。
When faced with competition, they may focus less on winning or losing than their Type A counterparts, and more on enjoying the game regardless of winning or losing.
面对竞争时，与A型人格的对手相比，B型人格的人可能不怎么关注输赢，而是尽情享受比赛。
To be brief, people with type C personalities are perfectionists, consistent and will never break the rules. Unlike their "sister" type A; type C personalities tend to take their time with the details and often check and recheck their work for accuracy. They tend to be deep thinkers and like to know every detail in regards to their work and life.
简而言之，C型人格的人是完美主义者， 始终如一，永远不会违反规则。 与A型人格的人不同的是，C型人会花时间处理细节，经常反复检查工作是否准确。他们往往是深思熟虑的人，喜欢了解自己工作和生活的每一个细节。
Last but not least, no matter what kind of personality you are, be positive and stay healthy!
最后，不管你是什么性格的人，积极生活，健康向上！
Fifteen Chinese nationals have been charged with developing a fraud scheme in which they paid imposters to take entrance exams, including the SAT, and gained acceptance to elite American colleges and universities, the US Department of Justice said on Thursday. Conspirators were paid up to $6,000 each time they used counterfeit Chinese passports to trick test administrators into thinking they were the person who would benefit from the test score, a federal grand jury charged.重点单词
查看全部解释
strengthen
['stre?θ?n]
想一想再看
v. 加强，变坚固
联想记忆
X
单词strengthen 联想记忆：
stre力量，ngthen－加强力量
addition
[?'din]
想一想再看
n. 增加，附加物，加法
联想记忆
X
单词addition 联想记忆：
add增加，ition名词后缀
supervision
[.sju:p?'vin]
想一想再看
n. 监督，管理
copyright
['k?pirait]
想一想再看
n. 版权，著作权
adj. 版权的
facilitate
[f?'siliteit]
想一想再看
vt. 帮助，使 ... 容易，促进
联想记忆
X
单词facilitate 联想记忆：
facile（adj 易做到的；不花力气的；性格温和的）face，le乐：想让脸乐还不容易吗？Fac＝face，ilit，ate吃：用脸吃饭还不容易吗？
campaign
[k?m'pein]
想一想再看
n. 运动，活动，战役，竞选运动
v. 从事运
联想记忆
X
单词campaign 联想记忆：
camp（n 田野，营地），aign名词后缀－营地－备战的地方
established
[is't?bli?t]
想一想再看
adj. 已被确认的，确定的，建立的，制定的 动词est
protection
[pr?'tekn]
想一想再看
n. 保护，防卫
联想记忆
X
单词protection 联想记忆：
pro在前面+tect盖上+ion→保护
authority
[?'θ?:riti]
想一想再看
n. 权力，权威，职权，官方，当局
authorization
[.?:θ?rai'zein]
想一想再看
n. 授权(书), 认可
联想记忆
X
单词authorization 联想记忆：
author权力，权威+ixation表名词,来自-ize+ation,“…化”或“发展过程”→授权，批准
China's 16 listed banks have cut their dividend payouts for the past year amid slowing net profit growth.
由于净利润增长缓慢，我国16家上市银行削减了去年的分红。
According to the National Business Daily, the 16 listed banks plan to return 356.2 billion yuan to shareholders as cash dividends in 2015, a decrease of 8.3 billion yuan from the previous year.
据《每日经济新闻》报道，这16家上市银行计划向股东返还3562亿元现金分红，与前一年相比减少了83亿元。
The banks' ability to return money to shareholders have declined. The slowing earning growth, high nonperforming loans and required deposits on the reserve have placed pressure on the banks in regards to capital supplement, said Guo Tianyong, director of the China Banking Research Center at the Central University of Finance and Economics.
这些银行将钱返还给股东的能力有所下降。中央财经大学中国金融业研究中心主任郭田勇表示，缓慢的盈利增长和高额的不良贷款以及存款准备金给银行的资本金补充带来了压力。
The banking industry has been experiencing a low profit growth period and will be for a long time, the National Business Daily reported, citing an expert. He said the banks' yearly profits growth reached 35 to 40 per cent in the past dozen years, but now the growth had slowed to less than 1 per cent, with some banks even recording a loss.
《每日经济新闻》引用一位专家的话称，银行业已经经历了一个低利润增长期，并且将持续很长一段时间。该专家表示，在过去的十几年里，银行业每年净利润增长达到35%至40%。但现在每年都不到1%，甚至有的银行都进入亏损状态。
Influenced by the current economic situation, and resource relocation in China's financial market, the banking industry is away from the high-speed growth period, the expert added.
此外，该专家补充说道，受当前经济形势的影响，并且我国金融市场资源重新配置，银行业高速增长的周期已经过去。
Although the banks' dividend to shareholders is shrinking, it still accounted for half of the combined dividends of all public companies in China. The banks' earnings also made up 52% of the total profits reported by listed companies last year.
尽管给股东的分红正在缩水，但这些银行的分红数额仍占据中国所有上市企业分红总额的一半。去年，这16家银行报告的盈利占据上市公司盈利总额的52%。
Some of them still give high return to their shareholders. China Merchants Bank is generous; its dividend reached 30.16% of its net profits.
一些银行仍然给予股东高额回报。中国招商银行十分“大方”，其分红占净利润的30.16%。
According to the financial data provider Wind Information Co Ltd, listed companies in China's A-share market earned 2.47 trillion yuan in profits last year. Of those listed companies, 2000 plan to pay out 700 billion yuan to their shareholders.
据金融数据提供商Wind Information有限公司，列出了去年在整个A股市场共实现净利润2.47万亿元的各家公司。在这些上榜公司中，其中有2000家拟进行现金分红，总额近7000亿元。
重点单词
查看全部解释
breakthrough
['breik.θru:]
想一想再看
n. 突破
minutes
['minits]
想一想再看
n. 会议记录，(复数)分钟
medal
['medl]
想一想再看
n. 奖章，勋章，纪念章
vi. 获得奖章
联想记忆
X
单词medal 联想记忆：
源于：metal（n 金属），因为奖牌是金属做的
confident
['k?nfid?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 自信的，有信心的，有把握的
a
联想记忆
X
单词confident 联想记忆：
con全部+fid相信+ent表示形容词，“…的”→自信的
route
[ru:t]
想一想再看
n. 路线，(固定)线路，途径
vt. 为 .
stroke
[str?uk]
想一想再看
n. 笔画，击打，一笔（画）连续的动作，中风，
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词stroke 联想记忆：
源于：strike（v 打击；军事进攻；铸造；敲钟；罢工）
shatter
['t?]
想一想再看
n. 碎片，乱七八糟的状态
vt. 打碎，破掉
previous
['pri:vj?s]
想一想再看
adj. 在 ... 之前，先，前，以前的
联想记忆
X
单词previous 联想记忆：
pne以前+vi路[引申为走]+ous→以前走过的→以前的
butterfly
['b?t?flai]
想一想再看
n. 蝴蝶，蝶状物，蝶泳
vt. (烹饪时把鱼
champion
['tmpj?n]
想一想再看
n. 冠军，优胜者，拥护者，勇士
vt. 保卫
重点单词
查看全部解释
charity
['triti]
想一想再看
n. 慈善，慈善机关(团体), 仁慈，宽厚
联想记忆
X
单词charity 联想记忆：
char茶，ity状态－请喝茶的状态－施舍－仁慈
greenhouse
['gri:nhaus]
想一想再看
n. 温室，暖房
flame
[fleim]
想一想再看
n. 火焰，热情
v. 燃烧，面红，爆发
ceremony
['serim?ni]
想一想再看
n. 典礼，仪式，礼节，礼仪
core
[k?:]
想一想再看
n. 果心，核心，要点
vt. 挖去果核
foundation
[faun'dein]
想一想再看
n. 基础，根据，建立
n. 粉底霜，基
联想记忆
X
单词foundation 联想记忆：
found（v 建立；使有根据）作为词根表示：底部
coach
[k?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 大巴，教练;(火车)客车车厢，四轮马车，经济舱<b
联想记忆
X
单词coach 联想记忆：
读：口齿－教练要求口齿伶俐。
重点单词
查看全部解释
charity
['triti]
想一想再看
n. 慈善，慈善机关(团体), 仁慈，宽厚
联想记忆
X
单词charity 联想记忆：
char茶，ity状态－请喝茶的状态－施舍－仁慈
greenhouse
['gri:nhaus]
想一想再看
n. 温室，暖房
flame
[fleim]
想一想再看
n. 火焰，热情
v. 燃烧，面红，爆发
ceremony
['serim?ni]
想一想再看
n. 典礼，仪式，礼节，礼仪
core
[k?:]
想一想再看
n. 果心，核心，要点
vt. 挖去果核
foundation
[faun'dein]
想一想再看
n. 基础，根据，建立
n. 粉底霜，基
联想记忆
X
单词foundation 联想记忆：
found（v 建立；使有根据）作为词根表示：底部
coach
[k?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 大巴，教练;(火车)客车车厢，四轮马车，经济舱<b
联想记忆
X
单词coach 联想记忆：
读：口齿－教练要求口齿伶俐。
重点单词
查看全部解释
charity
['triti]
想一想再看
n. 慈善，慈善机关(团体), 仁慈，宽厚
联想记忆
X
单词charity 联想记忆：
char茶，ity状态－请喝茶的状态－施舍－仁慈
greenhouse
['gri:nhaus]
想一想再看
n. 温室，暖房
flame
[fleim]
想一想再看
n. 火焰，热情
v. 燃烧，面红，爆发
ceremony
['serim?ni]
想一想再看
n. 典礼，仪式，礼节，礼仪
core
[k?:]
想一想再看
n. 果心，核心，要点
vt. 挖去果核
foundation
[faun'dein]
想一想再看
n. 基础，根据，建立
n. 粉底霜，基
联想记忆
X
单词foundation 联想记忆：
found（v 建立；使有根据）作为词根表示：底部
coach
[k?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 大巴，教练;(火车)客车车厢，四轮马车，经济舱<b
联想记忆
X
单词coach 联想记忆：
读：口齿－教练要求口齿伶俐。
重点单词
查看全部解释
charity
['triti]
想一想再看
n. 慈善，慈善机关(团体), 仁慈，宽厚
联想记忆
X
单词charity 联想记忆：
char茶，ity状态－请喝茶的状态－施舍－仁慈
greenhouse
['gri:nhaus]
想一想再看
n. 温室，暖房
flame
[fleim]
想一想再看
n. 火焰，热情
v. 燃烧，面红，爆发
ceremony
['serim?ni]
想一想再看
n. 典礼，仪式，礼节，礼仪
core
[k?:]
想一想再看
n. 果心，核心，要点
vt. 挖去果核
foundation
[faun'dein]
想一想再看
n. 基础，根据，建立
n. 粉底霜，基
联想记忆
X
单词foundation 联想记忆：
found（v 建立；使有根据）作为词根表示：底部
coach
[k?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 大巴，教练;(火车)客车车厢，四轮马车，经济舱<b
联想记忆
X
单词coach 联想记忆：
读：口齿－教练要求口齿伶俐。
重点单词
查看全部解释
charity
['triti]
想一想再看
n. 慈善，慈善机关(团体), 仁慈，宽厚
联想记忆
X
单词charity 联想记忆：
char茶，ity状态－请喝茶的状态－施舍－仁慈
greenhouse
['gri:nhaus]
想一想再看
n. 温室，暖房
flame
[fleim]
想一想再看
n. 火焰，热情
v. 燃烧，面红，爆发
ceremony
['serim?ni]
想一想再看
n. 典礼，仪式，礼节，礼仪
core
[k?:]
想一想再看
n. 果心，核心，要点
vt. 挖去果核
foundation
[faun'dein]
想一想再看
n. 基础，根据，建立
n. 粉底霜，基
联想记忆
X
单词foundation 联想记忆：
found（v 建立；使有根据）作为词根表示：底部
coach
[k?ut?]
想一想再看
n. 大巴，教练;(火车)客车车厢，四轮马车，经济舱<b
联想记忆
X
单词coach 联想记忆：
读：口齿－教练要求口齿伶俐。
A teenage student in Southwest China's Chongqing Municipality has been sentenced to one year in jail after trying to poison fellow students for being too noisy in class, local media reported last Wednesday.
当地媒体上周三报道，中国西南部重庆市的一名学生因嫌同学上课吵闹而试图下毒，被判有期徒刑一年。
The 16-year-old surnamed Zhou on April 24 poured pesticide into the water dispenser in the classroom, apparently in an act of revenge against classmates who disturbed the class and affected Zhou's studies, the Chongqing Morning Post said.
根据《重庆晨报》报道，今年4月24日，这名16岁的周姓同学将农药倒入了教室的饮水机中，显然是在报复扰乱课堂秩序、影响自己学习的同学们。
No students or teachers drank the poisoned water, the report said.
该报道称，并没有老师和学生喝了有毒的水。
On April 24, Zhou took the pesticide to the Yimin Technician Training School in Rongchang, Chongqing and hid the toxic substance under a desk.
在4月24日当天，周某带着农药来到重庆荣昌益民技工学校，并把毒药藏在了桌子下面。
After Zhou contaminated the water, one of Zhou's classmates surnamed Tang noticed that the water coming out of the dispenser was milky and had a pungent scent.
在周某投毒之后，他的一名唐姓同学发现了饮水机的水呈乳白色，还有一股刺鼻的气味。
Suspecting that the water had been mixed with something harmful, Tang reported the incident to the class monitor and teachers.
唐同学怀疑水中被混合了有毒物质，便把此事报告给班长和老师。
Students were then asked to move the dispenser to the teachers' office where teachers then called the police.
随后，学生们将饮水机移动到教师办公室，之后老师便报了警。
After an investigation, Rongchang police arrested Zhou on April 29 for endangering public security, according to the Chongqing Morning Post.
据《重庆晨报》报道，经调查后，荣昌警方于4月29日以危害公共安全的罪名逮捕了周某。
The local court gave Zhou a lenient sentence due to the teenager's age and frank confession of the crime, according to the report.
根据报道，当地法院鉴于周某的年龄及其坦白承认自己的罪行，最终给予了周某一个宽大的判决。
In the past two decades, several campus poisoning incidents have sparked mass debates and concerns about students' psychological development and support.
在过去的二十年里，几起校园中毒事件引发了群众对学生心理发展及帮助的争论和关注。
One of the more notorious incidents was when Zhu Ling, a student at the prestigious Tsinghua University, was paralyzed when her roommate allegedly poisoned her with thallium in 1994.
其中最恶名昭著的是朱令案。1994年，这位清华大学在读学生被其室友用铊下毒，最终导致全身瘫痪。
Productivity is the name of the game for entrepreneurs. The good news is that there are thousands of amazing software applications out there, designed to make your life easier. The bad news is that you don’t have time to try thousands of software applications. Which ones are worth your time?
创业者之间竞争的本质在于效率。好消息是，如今市面上已经有了好几千种优秀的应用软件，能令我们的生活变得更加轻松，但是你不可能有足够的时间把这几千种应用都试上一遍。那么，哪些应用值得你花时间试用一下呢？
In this post, we’ll take a look at 16 software applications that I use almost every day — and discuss why you should too.
本文列举了16种我本人几乎每天都会使用的应用软件，我还将在本文中讨论为什么你也应该使用它们。
Project management.
项目管理类
1. Asana.
1．Asana
You’re a busy person. At times, it all can feel overwhelming. Asana is a cloud-based project management software that helps you keep it together. (Trust me, I’ve tried them all.) Flexibility is built into Asana’s architecture. Each “task”, or “subtask”, can be associated with a larger “project” and “department.” In addition, you can even assign recurring tasks to yourself or team, which makes life so much easier. Stop trying to remember all the things you’re supposed to do and let Asana structure your life.
你是个大忙人，经常会觉得事情多得忙不过来。而Asana是一款基于云计算的项目管理软件，它能够帮你把各项工作统筹起来。（相信我，我试用过所有类似软件。）灵活性是Asana软件架构的一大特点，每个“任务”或“子任务”都可以与一个更大的“项目”和“部门”联系起来。另外，你还可以为自己或你的团队设置周期性任务，从而使你的工作生活更加轻松。因为你不必再去记住所有要做的事，大可放心让Asana安排你的生活。
2. Google Docs
2. 谷歌文档
Many entrepreneurs already have a Gmail address, but not every ‘trep knows about the power of Google Docs. By utilizing Google Docs, you can instantly create shareable documents, spreadsheets and presentations that can be updated by any team member with an Internet connection. Take that “track changes”!
很多企业家已经有了Gmail邮箱地址，但并不是每个企业家都知道谷歌文档(Google Docs)的强大用途。利用谷歌文档，你可以即时创建可分享的文档、工作表和演示文稿。更重要的是，团队的每名成员都可以通过网络更新这些文档。好好使用它的“修订”功能吧！
Staffing
人事工作类
3. oDesk&Elance
3. oDesk&Elance
oDesk and Elance (now in the process of merging) are freelance marketplaces, which allow you to quickly identify, engage and hire freelancers from all over the globe. Need a website developer or content writer? Don’t hire an employee; instead, work with a freelancer. At last count, there were more than 1 million freelance contractors available via these marketplaces.
oDesk和Elance（两家公司正处于并购流程）是两个自由职业者市场，你可以在上面迅速找到、联系并聘请到全球各地的自由职业者。需要一个网站开发员或内容写手？不必雇佣一名全职员工，招募一名自由职业者就可搞定。活跃在这两个市场上的自由职业者多达100余万人。
4. Outsourcing placement services.
4. 外包就业服务
If you do much hiring of freelancers, you’ve probably considered outsourcing the outsourcing. There are several great services that can help, each with varying business models. For example, Bolton Remotewill build your team with vetted, offshore contractors. Another provider,Hubstaff, starts with your project in mind and then matches you with project specialists. Using an outsourcing placement service will save time instead of trying to do the recruiting yourself. These firms typically offer free recruiting and placement services but take a cut of the hourly rate.
如果你的确需要招募很多自由职业者来为你打短工，那么你或许考虑过，干脆把服务外包流程也外包出去。市面上有好几家不错的公司从事这样的服务，每家都有不同的业务模式。比如，Bolton Remote公司能为你组织起一支经过审查的离岸承包商队伍。另一家提供商Hubstaff会评估你的项目，然后为你匹配合适的项目专家。使用就业外包服务可以节省你的时间，从而让你不必自己从事招募这一套流程。这些公司一般提供免费的招聘和就业外包服务，但是会从计时工资中抽取一定提成。
Sales & Marketing
销售与市场类
5. Google Webmaster Tools.
5．谷歌网站管理员工具
Everyone knows about Google Analytics, but are you using Google Webmaster Tools? As a marketer, I view Webmaster Tools as one of the most important free tools at my disposal. You want to get found on Google, right? Why not listen to what Google is telling you via Webmaster Tools?
差不多人人都知道谷歌的分析工具Google Analytics，但是你是否用过谷歌的网站管理员工具(Google Webmaster Tools)？作为一名营销人员，我认为谷歌的网站管理工具是我用过的最重要的免费工具之一。你肯定想让自己公司的名字出现在谷歌搜索结果之中，对吧？那么为什么不听听谷歌网站管理员工具教给你的诀窍呢？
6. Google Adwords Keyword Planner
6. 谷歌搜索广告关键词规划工具
How are your competitors getting found online? Google Adwords Keyword Planner helps you answer this question. The word “Adwords” may give some ‘treps pause, as it sounds like you will have to purchase advertising. Not true. Google has made its Keyword Planner tool available to anyone with a Google account (you must first click through the Adwords entry portal). Use the Adwords Keyword Planner to see what keywords are generating the most search volume in your niche and identify opportunities to capture traffic.
竞争对手在网上的表现如何？谷歌的搜索广告关键词规划工具会帮助你解答这个问题。“搜索广告”这个词可能会令有些企业家望而却步，因为它似乎会要求你买广告位。但事实并非如此，只要有谷歌账号，任何人都能使用这个关键词规划工具（不过你首先必须点击Adwords的进入端口）。然后你可以使用关键词规划工具来看看在你从事的领域中，哪些关键词会吸引最多的搜索量，然后找出吸引流量的机会。
7. WordPress CMS
7. WordPress CMS
Sure, all of the hosting companies offer a basic CMS (content management system). But do they offer the flexibility that you need to get found online? Probably not. WordPress is an open-source CMS that you can install, customize and continuously optimize. You will likely need someone with development experience to help with set up, but once the template is installed, you’re probably smart enough to publish content without any assistance.
的确，所有的托管公司都提供了一个基本的CMS系统（内容管理系统），但它们是否具有足够的灵活性，确保你的顾客能在网络上找到你？大概不能。WordPress是一个开源的CMS系统，你还可以选择定制或持续优化。你可能需要某个有开发经验的人帮你安装，但一旦安装完毕，你八成不需要任何帮助就能自己发布内容了。
8. Amazon’s Self-Publishing Tools
8. 亚马逊的自助出版工具
Always wanted to be an author but not sure where to start? Have you considered self-publishing? Thanks to Amazon, you can. Kindle Direct Publishing allows you to get the word out via e-books, CreateSpacehelps you develop a print edition and ACX is the audio publishing division. I’ve used all three to develop my book.
你是否一直有一个作家梦，但又不知道从何着手？那么你是否考虑过自助出版呢？感谢亚马逊，这种想法已经成为可能。亚马逊的Kindle Direct Publishing工具可以让你自行制作电子书，CreateSpace能够帮助制作纸质书籍，而ACX则是有声电子书的制作部门。我在出书时曾使用过这三款软件。
9. HitTail
9. HitTail
Deciding what to blog about can become time consuming. HitTailanalyzes the data in your Google Webmaster Tools account and makes recommendations for long-tail words to write about. In addition, HitTail has a network of skilled writers who can create the content for you.
写博客有时也很浪费时间。HitTail会分析你的谷歌网站管理员工具里的数据，然后推荐你写一些“热门词”。另外，HitTail还有一个熟练写手组成的网络，可以帮助创建博客内容。
10. Copyscape
10. Copyscape
If you outsource any or all of your content writing, you need to make sure your content is original. Paste content into Copyscape’s analyzer tool, and you’ll instantly know whether the content is original.
如果你想把内容写作工作的一部分或全部外包出去，那么你首先要确保你获得的内容是原创的。你可以把内容粘贴到CopyScape的分析工具，然后就能立刻知道这些内容是否为原创。
11. MailChimp
11. MailChimp
Effective email marketing involves more than occasionally blasting out a newsletter. To build an effective email marketing strategy, you need a tool packed with functionality. MailChimp seems to be the best system out there, offering elegant, intuitive newsletter templates, advanced list segmentation features and marketing automation capabilities.
要实现有效的电子邮件营销，可不只是偶尔发一封电子文宣邮件那么简单。要想构建一套有效的电子邮件营销战略，你需要一个功能齐全的工具。MailChimp似乎是市面上最佳的此类系统，它提供了各种典雅直观的电邮广告模板、先进的分段功能和营销自动化功能。
12. Zoho CRM
12. Zoho CRM
If you’re looking for a free CRM system, Zoho is probably the one for you. Why? It comes down to the integration possibilities. For example, Zoho integrates with JotForm and Unbounce simply by adding your API key. This means that within seconds, web leads will automatically be sent to your CRM. Pretty powerful for being free.
如果你在寻找一个免费的客户关系管理系统，Zoho或许正适合你。为什么呢？因为它提供了集成的可能性。比如只需添加你的API密钥，就可以轻松与JotForm和Unbounce集成。这意味着只需要几秒钟的时间，销售线索就可以自动发送到你的CRM系统。对于一款免费软件来说，这已经非常强大了。
Time Management
时间管理类
13. iPhone Reminders
13. iPhone 提醒
I formerly had an Android device (even though I have had a MacBook since 2009 – weird, I know). After switching this summer, I quickly realized the power of iPhone “Reminders.” Each time a reminder is due, your iPhone buzzes and displays a pop-up. You can snooze it or mark as completed. In addition, you can set up recurring reminders, which are perfect for remembering to mail estimated quarterly tax payments, renewing subscriptions, running payroll and other things you tend to forget.
我以前曾有过一款安卓手机（尽管2009年以来我一直用的是MacBook笔记本电脑，这种搭配挺诡异的，我知道）。自从今年夏天换了iPhone以后，我马上意识到了iPhone“提醒”的力量。每次有提醒事项时，iPhone就会振动起来，然后显示一个弹出窗口，你可以暂停它，或者把它标记为已完成。另外你还可以设置重复提醒，用来提醒你邮寄每个季度的税单、更新订阅、领薪水等容易忘记的事再好不过了。
14. Google Calendar
14. 谷歌日历
You may already use Google Calendar, but are you using it wisely? Here’s a secret: only put stuff on your Google Calendar that will actually happen at that date and time. Use iPhone Reminders to remember things that are not time-sensitive (down to the hour or minute). Following this strategy will help you stay more sane.
你可能已经在使用谷歌日历了，但你使用的方式是否正确呢？告诉你一个秘诀：只要把在那个日子和那个时候会真正发生的事情记录在谷歌日历上就行。同时利用iPhone提醒记住那些时间敏感性不太强的事情（即不是那些精确到小时和分钟的事情）。遵循这一战略有助于你保持更清醒的状态。
Everything Else
其它
15. WeTransfer
15. WeTransfer
Need to send gigantic files (up to 2gb) quickly? Try WeTransfer.com. You don’t even have to create an account. I use it almost every day.
需要快速发送大到2GB的大型文件？不妨试试WeTransfer.com。你甚至不需要建立账户，我几乎每天都用它传文件。
16. Zapier
16. Zapier
The average entrepreneur uses dozens of cloud-based software and apps. Zapier connects your online life and helps you build new functionality. The best part about Zapier is that you don’t have to be an API wizard to use it.
每个企业家平均会使用十几个云软件和应用。Zapier可以把你的网络生活联系起来，帮助你构建新的功能。Zapier最好的一点就是，你甚至不需要懂API就可以使用它。
With the right tools in place, you’ll find yourself more productive and efficient.
有了正确的工具，你就会发现自己的工作生活变得更加高效。（财富中文网）
Both Samsung and BlackBerry quickly put the kibosh on a report Wednesday afternoon that the two are engaged in takeover talks. But why would the world’s biggest smartphone company pay a rumored $7.5 billion for a Canadian tech company whose glory days are past? Answer: Its rich intellectual property portfolio—especially all its juicy security innovations.
对于上周有媒体称三星和黑莓正在进行收购洽淡的报道，两家公司都迅速予以否认。但全球最大的智能手机厂商为何愿意付出传闻中的75亿美元高价，来收购一家盛年不再的加拿大技术公司呢？答案是：因为后者持有丰富的知识产权——尤其是在前景光明的安全创新领域。
The excitement was triggered by a Reuters story that cited documents about the potential transaction as the source of its information. Samsung actually has made at least one play for BlackBerry BBRY -19.77% before, in 2012. As to this latest rumor, the alleged takeover target was the first to refute that a deal is in the works.
引发收购热议的是一篇路透社的报道，报道援引了一份关于潜在交易的文档作为消息源。实际上，三星已经至少一次地表示过对黑莓的兴趣了，那时还是2012年。而对于最新的谣言，传闻被收购的目标黑莓首先跳出来否认交易正在进行。
“BlackBerry has not engaged in discussions with Samsung with respect to any possible offer to purchase BlackBerry,” the company said in a statement issued Wednesday afternoon. “BlackBerry’s policy is not to comment on rumors or speculation, and accordingly it does not intend to comment further.”
黑莓在周三下午的一份声明中表示：“黑莓尚未与三星进行过任何潜在的收购谈判。黑莓的方针是不对谣言和揣测加以评论，因此我们也不会对此做出进一步说明。”
Samsung’s comment was shorter: “Media reports of the acquisition are groundless.”
三星的声明则更加简短：“媒体对收购的报道毫无根据。”
At the center of the speculation is BlackBerry’s healthy intellectual property portfolio, 44,000 patents and still growing. Last October, for example, the company won at least 27 new ones—covering everything from conference-calling interfaces to touch screens to security features for wearable technologies such as smart watches, eyeglasses and fitness bands. Security continues to be BlackBerry’s biggest selling point with businesses. Just ask the Sony movie studio division, which “resorted” to outdated BlackBerrys to restart communications after its security breach last Thanksgiving.
人们揣测的重点在于黑莓健全的知识产权体系。黑莓拥有4.4万项专利，这一数值还在持续增长。比如就在去年10月，该公司就至少获得了27项专利，涉及领域涵盖电话会议界面、触摸屏，以及供智能手机、眼镜、健康腕带等可穿戴设备使用的安全功能等等。安全性仍然是黑莓业务中最大的卖点。只要问问索尼影视部门就知道了，在去年感恩节遭受黑客攻击后，他们“求助”了过时的黑莓才重新启动了通信设备。
Although it looked like the mobile patent wars might cool off after several settlements late in 2014, this year kicked off with a skirmish between Apple and Ericsson over patent royalties related to wireless communications. BlackBerry used to be pretty litigious: It even took on celebrity Ryan Seacrest over its keyboard! But these days it is more focused on trying to convince smartphone buyers that its technology is cool again. Or at least relevant.
尽管随着2014年末几项官司尘埃落定，手机专利战争似乎已经降温，但新年伊始，苹果与爱立信就又在无线通讯的专利费率上爆发冲突。黑莓过去就是一家热爱诉讼的公司：他们甚至因为名人瑞安o西克雷斯特设计的手机键盘而起诉他。但近些日子以来，公司更多地把工作重心放在了让智能手机消费者相信他们的技术依旧很棒，或至少很有意义上。
Whether or not any sort of BlackBerry-Samsung deal actually happens, the development highlights next wave of innovation (and litigation) in mobile technology: one centered on access control methods and containing corporate breachesin an increasingly mobile world.
无论黑莓和三星联姻这种事是否发生，时代的发展已经凸显了移动技术下一波创新（和诉讼）浪潮的所在：在日益移动化的世界中掌握权限控制方法，阻止企业遭到黑客袭击。（财富中文网）
A cemetery dating back roughly 1,700 yearshas been discovered along part of the Silk Road, a series of ancient trade routes that once connected China to the Roman Empire.
在丝绸之路上找到了一个1700年历史之久的墓地。丝绸之路是一系列的古代贸易路线，曾经链接着中国和罗马帝国。
The cemetery was found in the city of Kucha, which is located in present-day northwest China. Ten tombs were excavated, seven of which turned out to be large brick structures.
这个墓地在如今中国西北部的库车县被找到。已经有10个坟墓被挖掘出土，其中7个是大型的砖石结构。
One tomb, dubbed "M3," contained carvings of several mythicalcreatures, including four that represent different seasons and parts of the heavens: the White Tiger of the West, the Vermilion Bird of the South, the Black Turtle of the North and the Azure Dragon of the East.
其中一本被标上"M3"的坟墓里包含有神兽的雕刻，其中有四只代表一年四季以及天堂的各个部分：西边的白虎，南边的朱红鸟，北边的黑龟，东边的青龙。
The M3 tomb also "consists of a burialmound, ramp, sealed gate, tomb entrance, screen walls, passage, burial chamberand side chamber" the researchers wrote in a report published recently inthe journalChinese Cultural Relics.
这个M3坟墓还包含有一座古坟，斜坡，密封的门，坟墓入口，屏风的墙，过道，墓室，以及偏殿，研究人员最近在《中国文化遗迹》杂志上写到。
The cemetery was first found in July 2007and was excavated by the Xinjiang Institute of Cultural Relics and Archaeology,with assistance from local authorities. The research team, led by Zhiyong Yu,director of the Xinjiang Archaeological Institute, published the findings in Chinese in the journal Wenwu. The article was recently translated into Englishand published in the journal Chinese Cultural Relics.
这座墓地在2007年7月份的时候首次被发现，由新疆文化遗产和考古研究院负责开挖，挖掘工作得到当地政府的支持。研究团队将他们的发现发表在了中国的期刊《文物》上。这篇文章最近被翻译成英语，并发布在了《中国文化遗迹》杂志上。
Who was buried here?
谁被埋葬在这里？
The identity of the people buried in the cemetery is a mystery. The cemetery had been robbed in the past and no writing was found that indicates the names of those buried or their positions in life.
墓地主人的身份依然是个迷。这座墓地曾经被盗过，而且墓地中没有任何的文字记录来表明这些死者的名字以及他们的职位。
The seven large brick tombs were likelyconstructed for people of wealth, the researchers said.
研究人员说，其中那7个砖石结构的坟墓可能是为富人建造的。
But, when the skeletal remains were analyzed, the researchers found that the tombs had been reused multiple times. Some of the tombs contain more than 10 occupants, and the"repeated multiple burials warrant further study," the researcherswrote.
但是在对遗骸进行分析后，研究人员发现这些坟墓被重复利用了多次。有些坟墓中包括有10多个的死者，多次的重复埋葬有待于进一步的研究，研究人员写到。
City on the Silk Road
丝绸之路上的城市
The excavators think the cemetery datesback around 1,700 years, to a time when Kucha was vital to controlling the Western Frontiers (Xiyu) of China. Since the SilkRoad trade routes passed through the Western Frontiers, control of this key region was important to China's rulers.
挖掘者认为这个墓地可追溯到1700年前，在当时的中国，库车在控制西部前线（西域）上扮演着关键的角色。由于丝绸之路的路线有经过西域，所以控制这个关键的区域对中国统治者来说是非常重要的。
"In ancient times, Kucha was called Qiuci in Chinese literature. It was a powerful city-state in the oasis of the Western Frontiers" the researchers wrote.
“在古代，库车的名字在中国文学中叫做龟兹，是建立在西域绿洲上的一个非常强大的城邦，研究人员写到。
For the dynasties that flourished in China around 1,700 years ago "the conquest and effective governance of Kucha would enable them to control all the oasis city-states in the Western Frontiers," the researchers said.
研究人员写到，对于1700年前的中国朝代来说，如果能征服并有效的管理龟兹的话，那么他们就能够控制住西域所有的绿洲城邦。
In fact, one ancient saying was, "ifyou have Kucha, only one percent of the states in the Western Frontiers remain unsubmissive."
实际上，有一句俗语就是这样说的：“如果你拥有了龟兹，那么西域99%的城邦都会服从你。”
Chinese Cultural Relics is a new journal that translates Chinese-language articles, originally published in the journal Wenwu, into English. The discovery of the 1,700-year-old cemetery was included in its inaugural issue.
《中国文化遗迹》杂志是一本新创立的期刊，专门把发表在《文物》杂志上的原创文章翻译成英文。其创刊号上就发表了这座1700年墓地的发现。
Amid all of the current talk about whether government law enforcement agencies should be able to legally force Apple to unlock an iPhone to look for evidence, there is a machine available now at London's Fone Fun Shop that will find the four-digit passcode used to lock down an iPhone. And this device costs only $170.
当人们还在讨论政府执法机构迫使苹果公司解锁iPhone手机来寻找证据的行为是否合法，伦敦的Fone Fun商店却开始出售一种能破解iPhone四位锁屏密码的设备，售价仅170美元。
Fone Fun Shop director Mark Strachan says that this machine was developed to help iPhone owners get to their photos or contacts in a locked iPhone with a forgotten passcode. Discovered in Hong Kong, Strachan says that they were at first skeptical that the device would work. But over time, the tool has proven itself over and over again.
店长马克·斯特罗恩说，开发这种设备旨在帮助那些忘记自己锁屏密码的iPhone用户进入被锁在手机上的照片或通讯录。斯特罗恩在香港第一次看到这台设备，他表示，在最一开始大家都对其能否起作用持怀疑态度。但随着时间的推移，这台设备一次又一次的证明了自己。
The so-called IP-BOX will work on iPhones running iOS 7 and older. It takes 6 seconds to 17 hours hours to crack the four-digit passcode. The Daily Mail purchased the device and cracked the code on an Apple iPhone 5c in 6 hours. A version that will work on iPhones running iOS 9 will be available later this month.
这台叫做IP-BOX的设备可以破解运行iOS 7或者更老版本的iPhone，通常它需要6秒到17小时来破解iPhone的四位锁屏密码。英国《每日邮报》购买了这台设备，并在6小时内破解了苹果iPhone 5c的锁屏密码。该密码破解设备运行在iOS 9系统上的版本将会在本月晚些时候出现。
Strachan says that he believes that the IP-BOX uses the same method employed by the FBI to unlock the iPhone 5c used by Syed Farook, without Apple's help. The FBI is now offering to help other law enforcement agencies seeking to unlock an iPhone, iPad or Apple iPod touch. Apple is trying to discover how the FBI unlocked the phone so that it can issue a software update to close the vulnerability.
斯特罗恩表示，他认为IP-BOX运用了和FBI没有经过苹果公司的帮助而破解塞义德·法鲁克iPhone 5c相同的技术。现在FBI已经开始向其他执法部门提供帮助解锁iPhone，iPad或者iPod Touch的方法。苹果方面正在积极寻找FBI是如何破解iPhone的，并将推出软件更新来关闭这些漏洞。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
当你和他/她打电话打到很晚，他/她挂了电话，你仍然想念他/她，即使电话只挂了2分钟
You're talking with him / her late on the phone. When he / she hung up the phone, you still miss him / her, even if the phone just hung up on 2 minutes
200910/87441.shtml
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
当你想到他的时候，你的心跳一会跳得快，一会跳得慢
When you think of him, your heart would jump between fast and fast.
200910/87441.shtml
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
当你和他/她在一起的时候，你看不见周围的所有人，你的眼中只有他/她
You will ignore others when you are together.
200910/87441.shtml
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
你不停的想他/她，以至于你都没有发现这里没有第十二条
You are so engaged in thinking of him that you don't notice that there is no No.12.
200910/87441.shtml
你翻上去找第十二条，然后默默地笑自己....
You turn back the passage and want to find the Page 12, and then you smile.
（可可英语版权所有,未经允许请勿转载）
200910/87441.shtmlA software prodigy from London is living the Silicon Valley dream after Yahoo bought the news app he created for almost $30m.
一位伦敦软件神童的“硅谷梦”成真，雅虎(Yahoo)斥资近3000万美元收购了他制作的新闻应用。
The web portal, which has put mobile technology at the heart of a plan to turn around its struggling fortunes, has turned to British teenager Nick D’Aloisio and Summly, which automatically summarises news stories for the small screen.
作为门户网站，雅虎将移动技术作为扭转厄运的重中之重。它将目光投向了英国少年尼克达洛伊西奥(Nick D'Aloisio)和Summly，后者能够为小屏幕设备自动生成新闻摘要。
The deal makes a millionaire of 17-year-old Mr D’Aloisio, who taught himself to write software aged 12 and will join Yahoo’s London office while he continues his studies at school.
这笔交易令17岁的达洛伊西奥成为百万富翁。他在12岁时自学编写软件程序，他将一边继续学业，一边参与雅虎伦敦办事处的工作。
Mr D’Aloisio received acclaim from Apple after Summly’s launch, which featured as one of its best iPhone apps of 2012. It had been downloaded almost 1m times before it was pulled from the app store yesterday following the deal.
Summly发布后，达洛伊西奥获得了苹果(Apple)的称赞，该应用跻身2012年最佳iPhone应用之列。交易完成后，Summly昨天被撤下App Store，此时它的下载量已达近100万次。
“Nick is an exceptional product thinker,” Adam Cahan, Yahoo’s senior vice-president of mobile and emerging products, said. “He does represent a generational shift in the kinds of things he is thinking about and what it means to be truly mobile. That generation is not just mobile-first, they are mobile only. That’s a different point of view.”
“尼克是一位优秀的产品思想家，”雅虎移动与新兴产品高级副总裁亚当卡恩(Adam Cahan)说，“他的确代表了他在思索的事物和‘移动’真正内涵的跨世代转变。新一代不仅仅是以移动为先，而且是以移动设备为唯一上网工具。这是一种不同的视角。”
Summly was backed by Horizons Ventures, the venture capital arm of Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing, and other tech and media names including actors Ashton Kutcher and Stephen Fry, Spotify’s Shakil Khan and Zynga’s Mark Pincus .
赞助Summly的有香港亿万富翁李嘉诚的风投部门Horizons Ventures，以及演员艾什顿库彻(Ashton Kutcher)和斯蒂芬弗莱(Stephen Fry)、Spotify的沙基尔汗(Shakil Khan)和Zynga的马克平卡斯(Mark Pincus)等技术与媒体界名人。
“My manifesto with Summly was to get our technology into as many users’ hands as possible,” Mr D’Aloisio said, pointing to Yahoo’s hundreds of millions of users. “With Yahoo’s reputation as a content portal, we have an opportunity to fundamentally change the way content is consumed.”
“我的Summly宣言是让尽可能多的用户在移动端用上我们的技术，”达洛伊西奥在谈到雅虎的数亿用户时表示，“鉴于雅虎以内容门户而闻名，我们将有机会从根本上改变内容消费方式。”
Mr Cahan said that the vision and technology behind Summly’s machine-learning and natural language processing abilities were “equally impressive”.
卡恩称，Summly的机器学习和自然语言处理能力背后的设想和技术“均很出色”。
In a blog post announcing the deal, Mr Cahan said although mobile devices were shifting our daily routines, “most articles and web pages were formatted for browsing with mouse clicks. The ability to skim them on a phone or a tablet can be a real challenge – we want easier ways to identify what’s important to us.”
卡恩在宣布收购交易的博客文章中表示，尽管移动设备在改变我们的日常生活，但“大多数文章和网页的格式是为PC端设计，适合用鼠标点击浏览。在手机或平板电脑上浏览它们可能构成重大难题——读者希望更方便地找到对自己重要的内容。”
Summly and Yahoo refused to comment on the deal’s terms.
Summly和雅虎拒绝对交易的条款置评。
Summly attempts to solve this problem by creating “snapshots” of stories that allow readers to browse more quickly than reading full articles. The app will close down but Mr D’Aloisio’s technology will be integrated into Yahoo’s mobile apps.
Summly对这一难题的解决方式是创建文章的“快照”，比起阅读整篇文章，该功能可提高读者的浏览速度。尽管应用将关闭，但达洛伊西奥的技术将整合进雅虎的移动应用。
Two of Summly’s employees will move to Yahoo’s California headquarters, but – for now – Mr D’Aloisio is resisting the lure of Silicon Valley.
Summly的两位员工将迁至雅虎的加利福尼亚州总部，但就目前而言，达洛伊西奥抵挡住了硅谷的诱惑。
“I’m 17 – I want to be with my family and friends and school,” he said. “I’m going to be in London for the foreseeable future.”
“我才17岁——我想留在家人和朋友身边，继续上学，”他说，“在可以预见的未来里，我将留在伦敦。”
UPON HEARING, IN MARCH of this year, reports that a 17-year-old schoolboy had sold a piece of software to Yahoo! for $30 million, you might well have entertained a few preconceived notions about what sort of child this must be. A geeky specimen, no doubt. A savant with zero interests outside writing lines of code. A twitchy creature, prone to mumbling, averse to eye contact.
当你听说今年3月份，一个17岁的学生把自己设计的一款软件以3,000万美元卖给雅虎公司(Yahoo! Inc., YHOO)的时候。对于这孩子的形貌，你脑海里或许已勾画出一个搞笑的形象了吧：不用说，肯定是个极客。一个除了一行一行写代码之外对什么也不感兴趣的学霸。一个不敢正眼瞧人还老小声儿嘀咕着什么的神经质。
Thus it's rather a shock when you first encounter Nick D'Aloisio striding into London's Bar Boulud restaurant, firmly shaking hands and proceeding to outline his entrepreneurial vision. To imagine him in person, picture a Silicon Valley CEO blessed with an easy manner and 97th percentile media skills. Picture a guy who can confidently expound (while maintaining steady eye contact) on topics ranging from Noam Chomsky's theories to the science of neural networks to the immigrant mind-set to the Buddhist concept of jnana. And now picture this fellow trapped inside the gangly body of a British teen who might easily be mistaken for a member of the pop boy band One Direction-clad in a hipster T-shirt beneath a fitted blazer, hair swooping over his forehead, taking bites of a cheeseburger between bold pronouncements.
那么，当你看到17岁的尼克?达洛伊西奥(Nick D’Aloisio)意气风发地走进伦敦巴尔?布鲁(Bar Boulud)餐厅，与人坚定地握着手，描绘他未来事业蓝图的时候，你应该会惊讶得合不拢嘴了吧。他就像是个来自硅谷的首席执行长(CEO)，应对媒体时从容不迫，技巧上可以打97的高分。聊天时，他眼神坚定地注视着你，从诺姆?乔姆斯基(Noam Chomsky)的理论、神经网络科学，到移民心态乃至佛教瑜伽，他一切话题都能自信地畅所欲言。但他又像是个One Direction男孩组合的成员，修长的身材配着嬉皮T恤和修身小西装，头发凌乱地搭在脑门前，一边咬着吉士汉堡，一边发表着让人瞠目结舌的见解。
The app D'Aloisio designed, Summly, compresses long pieces of text into a few representative sentences. When he released an early iteration, tech observers realized that an app that could deliver brief, accurate summaries would be hugely valuable in a world where we read everything-from news stories to corporate reports-on our phones, on the go. The app attracted the interest of investors around the world, ranging from Hollywood celebrities to Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing, the wealthiest man in Asia.
达洛伊西奥设计了一款名叫Summly的应用软件，该软件能够将繁冗的文章精简成几行关键句子。早一代Summly软件发布后，技术观察家意识到在这个无论资讯还是财报，一切新闻都快速阅于掌上的时代，这样一款简洁、精准的摘要软件蕴含着巨大的价值。该应用吸引了包括好莱坞明星和亚洲首富李嘉诚在内的全世界投资者的兴趣。
In 2011, at age 15, D'Aloisio closed a seed round of funding from Li Ka-shing. A year later, Summly launched, and within a month it had attracted 500,000 users and became the number-one news app in 28 countries. The Yahoo! sale capped off a remarkable run for someone not yet out of high school. But it's not mere technological savvy that sets D'Aloisio apart. Since long before he could shave, he has been driven by an intense curiosity and a desire to make some sort of mark on the tech world. Not just to create but to build and, yes, to monetize.
2011年在达洛伊西奥15岁时，他就曾获得来自李嘉诚的种子投资。一年之后Summy发布，并在短短一个月内吸引了500,000名用户，在28个国家登上了新款应用软件热度榜的首位。对于一个连高中都还没毕业的人来说，雅虎的收购可谓意义深远。不过，达洛伊西奥的过人之处可不只是技术知识丰富这一点。在他连胡子都不用刮的时候，他就强烈向往、渴望著有朝一日能在科技领域做出一番大的成就。不仅要创新，还要有所成就，当然，还要大把赚钱。
He's lately begun taking meetings with the likes of Marissa Mayer and Rupert Murdoch. (Murdoch is chairman of News Corp, which owns The Wall Street Journal.) Though D'Aloisio's net worth at this point is merely eye-popping, not obscene, in his own youthful way he seems every bit as formidable as relative gray-hairs like 27-year-old Tumblr founder David Karp or 29-year-old Facebook wunderkind Mark Zuckerberg. 'He captivates a room,' says Joshua Kushner, founder of Thrive Capital, an early backer of Summly. 'He is incredibly self-aware for his age.'
他最近已开始和玛丽莎?梅耶尔(Marissa Mayer)、鲁伯特?默多克(Rupert Murdoch)这样的产业大亨进行会面（默多克正是《华尔街日报》(The Wall Street Journal)所属新闻集团(News Corp.)的董事长）。目前达洛伊西奥的资产净值已经很高，但还没多到令人眼红的地步。但正如轻博客(Tumblr)创始人大卫?卡普(David Karp)和29岁的Facebook神童马克?扎克伯格(Mark Zuckerberg)一样，达洛伊西奥已非常值得钦佩。Summly早期投资方之一、兴盛资本(Thrive Capital)创始人乔舒亚?库什纳(Joshua Kushner)评价道，他的气场能震住整个房间的人，他这个年龄自我意识能如此之强，实属难得。
D'ALOISIO BEGAN designing iPhone apps nearly the moment the app store opened in 2008. He was 12 years old, working on a Mac in his bedroom in the London district of Wimbledon. Because he was too young, he signed up for the Apple developer's license using his father's name. He'd taken no formal computer science classes at school, and neither of his parents (Diana and Lou, a lawyer and a business executive, respectively) knew much about tech. Instead, he learned how to program almost entirely by himself, scouring websites and watching instructional videos.
自从2008年智能手机应用商店开始运营以来，达洛伊西奥就着手设计iPhone手机应用软件。那时12岁的他住在伦敦的温布尔顿，用卧室里的Mac电脑来工作。因为年纪太小，他在填写苹果(Apple)开发执照申请时用的都是他爸爸的名字。这之前他没在学校受过正式的电脑培训，他的父母（一个是律师，一个是商界管理人士）也都不从事技术行业工作。他几乎是完全靠刷网页、看教程来自学编程的。
His first coding effort resulted in an app that played audio snippets from speeches by his idol, Steve Jobs, whose unauthorized biography he'd recently devoured. 'It was rejected by Apple for every reason,' D'Aloisio says now, laughing. 'Copyrighted audio, poor functionality, too simple.' Another early design allowed users to touch a picture of wood, producing a knocking sound. A third transformed a smartphone screen into a treadmill for your fingers. That one earned about $120 in sales on its first day.
他编写出的第一款软件是个音频播放器，可以播放他偶像史蒂夫?乔布斯(Steve Jobs)演讲的音频片段，而音频来自一个乔布斯的传记，内容没有经过授权。如今达洛伊西奥笑着回忆道，软件因为音频受版权保护、性能不流畅、过于简单之类的各种原因，被苹果拒绝了。他早期设计的另外一个应用软件能让用户触摸一张木头的图片时发出敲击的声音。第三个应用则将智能手机的屏幕变成一个锻炼手指的跑步机，这一次，软件第一天便赚了120美元。
When he wasn't programming or doing schoolwork, D'Aloisio began to fill his spare time reading about natural language processing. He'd studied languages as diverse as Latin and Mandarin, and became fascinated by concepts like grammatical frameworks, morpheme parsing and the 1960s work of the linguist Richard Montague. 'He's my favorite,' D'Aloisio enthuses. 'He theorized that natural language could be described like a syntactical programming language.'
除了编程和写作业，达洛伊西奥开始抽时间来阅读自然语言处理(natural language processing)方面的文章。他还学习了拉丁文和中文，并且对语言学理念产生了浓厚的兴趣，例如语法框架、语素解析，以及上世纪60年代语言学家理查德?蒙塔古(Richard Montague) 的理论。达洛伊西奥热情地说道，他是我最喜欢的语言学家，根据他的理论，自然语言可以被视作遵照一定句法写出的编程语言。
As he scanned the Internet for knowledge, D'Aloisio decided that what he really needed was a better way to determine, at a glance, what was worth reading. He envisioned a summarization tool that used language theory to give a meaningful synopsis in fewer than 400 characters.
随着他不断运用网络来搜集知识，达洛伊西奥意识到，他急需一个能让他快速确定文章阅读价值的方法。于是他构想了一个摘要工具，能运用语言学理论来编写低于400字的内容提要。
'There are two ways of doing natural language processing: statistical or semantic,' D'Aloisio explains. A semantic system attempts to figure out the actual meaning of a text and translate it succinctly. A statistical system-the type D'Aloisio used for Summly-doesn't bother with that; it keeps phrases and sentences intact and figures out how to pick a few that best encapsulate the entire work. 'It ranks and classifies each sentence, or phrase, as a candidate for inclusion in the summary. It's very mathematical. It looks at frequencies and distributions, but not at what the words mean.'
达洛伊西奥解释道，自然语言处理有统计学和语义学两种方法，语义学系统试图解析文章的真实含义并对其进行简洁的译介。而统计学系统──设计Summly所采用的方法──无需这一过程；该系统保留词汇和句子的完整性，并通过运算从全文挑选出最具概括力的内容。它将每个句子或词汇进行分类、排序，以便挑出编入摘要的内容。这一过程极依赖数学计算，考量的是频率和分布，而非词语的含义。
An early iteration of Summly, called Trimit, was featured in Apple's app store in July 2011 on a list of new and noteworthy offerings. There it was noticed by the influential Silicon Valley blog TechCrunch and quickly came to the attention of an investment group led by Li Ka-shing. When D'Aloisio was approached over email by Li's people at Horizons Ventures, he was only 15-and so far mostly managed to conceal that fact. He'd never met with anyone in the tech world face to face, and the information he'd listed when he registered Trimit spoke only vaguely of a London technology company. It failed to mention that the company's management and technology teams-in fact, its entire workforce-consisted of a single kid in a suburban bedroom who wasn't yet old enough to drive.
Summly的一个早期版本──Trimit，于2011年7月出现在了苹果app store“新品推荐”栏目中。正是在这里，它被极具影响力的硅谷《科技博客》(TechCrunch)所关注，并迅速引起了李嘉诚的投资集团的注意。当达洛伊西奥收到李嘉诚的维港投资(Horizons Ventures)发来的电子邮件时，他只有15岁，并且基本没让什么人知道他所做的事情。在那之前，他从未与科技领域内的任何人物见过面，而他在Trimit的登记信息中也只是粗略形容自己是“伦敦的一家科技公司”。仅靠这一信息，谁也不会想到这家公司的管理和技术团队──事实上，它的全部职员──竟然是住在郊区卧室里的一个连车都不能开的小孩。
'I thought I was going to sell the app in the Apple store for a pound or two each, and then I'd use the money to buy a new computer,' says D'Aloisio. 'I'd never had any contact from an investor before. And now here's an email supposedly from a Hong Kong billionaire. It sounded dodgy. I didn't respond the first time. They had to email me again.' D'Aloisio was accompanied by his mother and father ('they were a bit bewildered, it was kind of insane') as he took a meeting with Horizons Ventures's representatives in London in August 2011. The meeting ended with D'Aloisio receiving a seed investment of $300,000.
达洛伊西奥说，我本来只是打算在苹果app store用一两英镑的价格出售这个软件，然后用赚来的钱给自己换台新电脑。我之前从没联系过任何投资商。而如今一个香港的亿万富翁竟然给我发电邮了，这太诡异了。第一封邮件我没有回覆，于是他们又给我发了第二封。2011年8月份，他的父母带着不可置信的心情陪他一同与维港投资的代表进行了会面。会谈结束后，达洛伊西奥获得了30万美元的种子投资。
As fall arrived and school began, D'Aloisio felt immense pressure to deliver for his backers. He needed to whip his algorithm into better shape, so he contracted a team of Israeli coders who specialize in natural language processing. Searching on Google, he found and hired a retired professor living in Thailand who'd written seminal books on the topic. 'He became our main scientist,' says D'Aloisio. 'He now works at Yahoo! in the Sunnyvale office.'
当年秋天开学后，达洛伊西奥开始感觉到肩上背负起了来自投资方的巨大压力。他需要改善软件的运算法则，于是他找到了以色列一个从事自然语言处理的编程团队，并签订了合同。他还用谷歌(Google)搜索找到了一位居住在泰国、在该领域有过重要著作的退休教授。达洛伊西奥说，他成了我们的科研主管，他现在在雅虎的森尼维尔办公室工作。
Meanwhile, he was being ferried around the globe to tech conferences, getting introduced to other potential investors. D'Aloisio made a remarkable impression on everyone he crossed paths with. 'He has an eerie maturity,' says Andrew Halls, headmaster of the King's College School in Wimbledon, which D'Aloisio has attended since he was 11. 'He has an extraordinary articulateness in the face of situations that, for me, even as a 54-year-old, might be terrifying.'
与此同时，达洛伊西奥开始环游世界，到处参加会议，并结识其他潜在的投资人。他给每一位结识的人都留下极深的印象。温布尔顿国王学院中学(King’s College School)的校长安德鲁?霍尔斯(Andrew Halls)评价道，他成熟得可怕，他在各种状况下仍保持着清晰的思维，这令我这个54岁的人都觉得惊讶。
'I was blown away by him,' Kushner recalls. 'The first time I interacted with him was at News Corp, when he was meeting with Murdoch, and I was looped in to provide perspective. Nick described the vision of what he was trying to accomplish. And he was providing insight to Rupert.' D'Aloisio's stage presence, coupled with the deep-pocketed credibility brought by Li, attracted a large group of benefactors to Summly, including Ashton Kutcher, Yoko Ono and Stephen Fry.
库什纳回忆道，我当时被他深深折服了。他到新闻集团去见默多克时，我与他有了第一次接触，当时我被一同叫去提提意见。达洛伊西奥在会上描述了他想要实现的远景。他帮助默多克加深了对一些事物的见解。达洛伊西奥在台上的优异表现，加上背后李嘉诚的雄厚财力，为Summly招来了包括艾什顿?库奇(Ashton Kutcher)、小野洋子(Yoko Ono)、史蒂芬?弗莱(Stephen Fry)等许多人的捐赠。
D'ALOISIO HAS BEEN quoted opining that 'time is the new currency.' It's the driving notion behind Summly. It's also a strangely wise observation from a 17-year-old. At that age, many of us had more time on our hands than we knew how to fill without plummeting into severe boredom. It's easy to forget-conversing over lunch in a London caf钼 or strolling through the Tate Modern-that D'Aloisio was born in 1995 and has not yet graduated from high school. Or that he still lives in his childhood bedroom, in a cozy upper-middle-class home. As I chat with his parents, he excuses himself to work on his computer. Slouching down the hall in his stocking feet, hems of his skinny jeans brushing the hallway carpet, it is the most kidlike you will ever see him.
达洛伊西奥常喜欢说“时间是新的货币”。这是一个17岁男孩对人生的睿智洞察，也是Summly软件背后的发展理念。而我们多数人在他那个年龄，时间多得都不知道该怎么做才不会荒废。我很容易就忘了这样一个事实：达洛伊西奥在1995年出生于一个中上层阶级家庭，连高中都还没毕业，还住在小时候住的那个舒服卧室里。在我和他父母聊天的时候，他离开房间去在电脑上干活。只见他穿着袜子下楼，牛仔裤腿扫过大厅的地毯──此时此刻是他最像个孩子的时候。
D'Aloisio's parents came to England from Australia. His father, Lou, has worked in commodities for BP and Morgan Stanley, while his mother, Diana, is a corporate lawyer who also serves as her son's contractual representative. They always knew D'Aloisio was an extremely inquisitive child. 'But he was our first, so we didn't think it was anything out of the ordinary,' says Diana. (D'Aloisio's brother, Matthew, is 14.) They stress that despite his impressive accomplishments, he remains a normal kid. Or at least as normal as a kid can be when he's making offhand references to Markov models and stochastic processes. 'He still goes out on weekends, still goes to parties,' says Diana. 'He's got a girlfriend. All the things you do at 17.'
达洛伊西奥的父母从澳大利亚搬到英国，他的父亲卢(Lou)曾在英国石油(BP)和摩根士丹利(Morgan Stanley)工作，而母亲戴安娜(Diana)是一位企业律师，同时也是儿子的合同代表。他们向来都知道达洛伊西奥是一个非常好学的孩子。但戴安娜说因为他是长子，他们本以为他不会做出什么超出寻常的事情来（达洛伊西奥有一个14岁的弟弟）。他们强调，尽管达洛伊西奥成就非凡，尽管他聊天时会聊起马尔科夫模型(Markov models)和随机过程(stochastic processes)，他仍只是一个再普通不过的孩子。戴安娜说，他周末仍要出去玩，仍要去参加派对。他还有个女朋友。17岁孩子会做的事情，他都会做。
D'Aloisio himself strives to maintain a bubble of normalcy. He dates the same girl he did before the whirlwind hit. And though he's stopped attending school-he's too busy to sit in class while overseeing Summly's development-he still gets his work from his teachers and meets with them regularly. He cherishes the fact that his circle of friends knows little of his life as a budding industrialist. When I met him, he was about to head to Greece for a weeklong vacation with a pack of high school pals.
达洛伊西奥也尽力维持着生活原本的样子。他的女友还是之前的那个女友。而且尽管他不再去学校了──坐在教室里就没空监管Summly的研发──他还是照常去找老师拿作业。他十分庆幸他的朋友不了解他企业家的那一面。而当我采访他的时候，他正准备和一群高中死党去希腊玩上一周。
For now, D'Aloisio isn't touching the money. 'I'm too young to appreciate the value of it,' he insists. 'I don't have a mortgage, I'm 17. To me, a hundred pounds is a lot. Take that as a benchmark.' Though he's not allowed to comment on Summly's sale price, when pressed he allows that he might one day like to deploy his newfound riches as an angel investor. No one around him seems to think there's a danger that the money will ruin him or that he'll be tempted to spend the rest of his life dissipating on a beach. 'He's pretty well grounded. You wouldn't believe how frugal he is,' says Diane. 'He's got a great engine,' says Lou. 'He won't stop at this.'
现在达洛伊西奥还不负责管理他的收入。他坚称说，我太年轻了，还不懂如何发挥其价值。我没有房贷，我才17。对我来说100英镑就是个大数目了，这就是我对钱的大致概念。尽管他无法对Summly的售价置评，但当我逼问他未来打算如何支配的时候，他说他在考虑以后也许可以用所发之财来做一名天使投资人。在他身边，似乎没人觉得这份钱会毁掉他或者他会挥霍钱财浪费人生。戴安娜说，孩子很踏实，很有冲劲儿，他不会停止奋斗的。
Perhaps the more interesting question is what drove Yahoo! to shell out that reported $30 million for a single app. To be sure, Summly's text-compression abilities dovetail nicely with Yahoo!'s new focus on mobile utilities. Along with Yahoo!'s $1.1 billion purchase of the blogging service Tumblr and the launch of an acclaimed new weather app, the Summly move marks a commitment to owning the tiny real estate of the smartphone screen-and serving advertising to the youthful eyeballs that tend to gravitate to mobile devices.
而或许更引人关注的问题是，雅虎究竟为何决定拿出3,000万美元来收购一款手机应用呢？诚然，Summly的文本精炼能力与新战略下的雅虎对移动设备的侧重不谋而合。伴随着以11亿美元对轻博客的收购，以及广受好评的新款天气应用的推出，Summly软件的加入见证了雅虎占领智能手机领域的坚定决心，以及为爱使手机的年轻消费者提供优质服务的不懈努力。
But there's little doubt this was also an 'acqui-hire,' in which the person being bought is just as important as the product. D'Aloisio is now working full time in Yahoo!'s London office, and his youth, his energy and his undeniable it-factor have brought the formerly musty tech giant a much-needed injection of cool. Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer -who lends the company some of her own it-factor-praises his 'commitment to excellence in design and simplicity' and says she is 'inspired by the creativity and tenacity Nick brings to his work.'
不过无需置疑，软件的收购同时意味着“人才的收购”，雅虎买下的不只是产品，还有产品背后的人。达洛伊西奥如今已是雅虎伦敦分部的全职员工，而他的青春活力以及无可厚非的独特潜质给这个曾经腐朽老旧的科技巨头注入了迫切需要的新鲜活力。雅虎CEO玛丽莎?梅耶尔赞赏他“力求设计的完美和产品的简约”，并称自己“被他的创造活力和坚韧精神所感染”。
While D'Aloisio spends 80 percent of his work time retooling and improving Summly (which has already been integrated into Yahoo!'s iPhone app), the other 20 percent is devoted to imagining the expansive challenges he'll take on next. He predicts there will be summarization programs that do for video what Summly does for the written word. He has grand thoughts about using technology to aid learning and would like to help fellow autodidacts while disrupting the old educational models.
目前，达洛伊西奥80%的工作围绕着Summly的重构和改良展开，而另外20%的工作精力则用来思考今后的挑战方向。他预测，未来将会有一款如同Summly精炼文字一样可以精炼视频的软件。他设想了许多运用科技来帮助人们学习知识的方法，并希望在旧有教育模式瓦解的同时帮助人们更好地实现自主学习。
As for his own education: He's weighing whether to enroll in university in England or maybe the U.S. to be closer to Silicon Valley. Or perhaps he'll skip college entirely and just focus on his work. 'I absolutely want to start another company,' he says. 'Serial entrepreneurs get addicted to creation. I want to be passionate. I feel really bad when I'm not doing something new.'
而至于他自己的教育问题：他在考虑是留在英国，还是为了离硅谷更近而去读美国的大学。再或者，他也许会放弃学业，全然专注于他的事业。他说，我非常想再创办一家公司，连续创业家们都是对创新上瘾的人。我希望能保有热情。如果我不能尝试新的事物，我会感觉很糟。
On Tuesday, 17-year-old Thomas Sohmers unveiled a new super fast computer server that uses a fraction of the electricity that a normal computer does.He's showing it off at the Open Compute Project (OCP) Summit happening this week in San Francisco.This computer is the first product from Sohmers' startup, REX Computing, created with 52-year-old co-founder and CTO Kurt Keville.
本周二，年仅17岁的Thomas Sohmers推出了一个全新的高速计算机服务器，该计算机功耗极低，该计算机使用了低能耗的ARM处理器，而其所需电量仅为一台普通电脑一小部分。在本周在旧金山举行的Open Compute Project (OCP)大会上，Sohmers展示了这台服务器。这个产品是Sohmers所创办的企业REX所推出的第一个产品，REX的另一位创始人为52岁的Kurt Keville，目前Keville担任公司的CTO。
The computer is a very powerful machine built with ARM processors, the kind low-power processors that run smartphones and tablets. These servers allow more computing power o be packed into a smaller space. And that has big implications for building green-but-powerful data centers."I think of myself as an entrepreneur besides just being an electrical engineer. I believe what I'm doing can have a major effective on the world," Sohmers said.He dropped out of high school to join Peter Thiel's controversial startup accelerator, the 20 Under 20 Thiel Fellowship. Thiel, the former PayPal CEO and famous Silicon Valley venture capitalist known for his early investment in Facebook, is a libertarian who has often spoken out about the absurd cost of college these days.So in 2011, he started a program that encourages kids to start companies instead of going to college. It gives them $100,000 in seed money and access to some of the Valley's greatest technologists as mentors.Sohmers is an electrical engineering prodigy who at age 13 started working at the research lab at MIT. That's where he met his co-founder and CTO, Keville, he said.
Sohmers所推出的这个产品，可谓将高速运算能力和低能耗集为一体。Sohmers表示：“除了电子工程师外，我认为我还是一位创业者。我相信，我所作的工作，将会对整个世界产生重要的影响。”Sohmers在几年前从高中辍学，加入了Peter Thiel创立的创业加速器20 Under 20 Thiel Fellowship。2011年，在其他同龄人都在准备考大学的时候，Sohmers开始学习编程。他获得了10万美元的种子资金，并且跟随硅谷中一些著名的技术人才进行学习。Sohmers曾在麻省理工学院研究实验室进行工作和学习，研究从增强现实眼镜到激光通信系统的任何东西。也是在那里，他见到了REX的另一位联合创始人Kurt Keville。但是在他正式进入麻省理工学院研究室之前，他的父母似乎并不太支持他放弃学业。
With his technical genius and startup launched, he's not planning on going back and finishing high school, either."This is my third time applying for the Fellowship. I first applied when I was 14," he said. "I told my parents when I first applied and they weren’t really supportive. But then they kind of saw what I was doing in high school, I wasn’t spending my time as effectively as I could. I started spending more of my time at MIT and they understood. When I did receive the fellowship, they were supportive."Fortunately for Sohmers, he's in good hands. He's part of class No. 3 and Thiel fellows have a promising track record so far: it's launched 67 companies that have created 135 full-time jobs and raised $55.4 million in angel and venture funding, the Wall Street Journal's Lora Kolodny reports.At 17, Sohmers is unconcerned that being a high-school dropout will affect his career in any way."If I don’t end up changing the world with this I can find something else," he said. "People think that there’s a big thought war between these two sides [education versus entrepreneurship]. But when it comes to the researchers, they care less about the degrees that you have, and more about what you can actually do."
Sohmers表示：“我曾经先后三次申请加入麻省理工学院研究室。我第一次申请的时候是14岁，那时我的父母并不太支持我。但是后来他们发现我在高中里学习并不快乐。于是他们开始慢慢理解了我的想法。现在他们对我的工作非常支持。”在加入麻省理工学院研究室之后，Sohmers终于找到了属于自己的天地。如今已经17岁的Sohmers表示，自己并不后悔放弃学业，进行创业。他表示：“即使我无法改变世界，也会收获一些其他的东西。人们在讨论上学和创业的时候，总是顾虑太多。但是企业是在研究者眼中，你的学历高低并不重要，重要的是你的能力。”
An escalating war on drugs in the Philippines has led to almost 1,800 deaths under new president Rodrigo Duterte, the country’s police chief has said.
菲律宾警察总长表示，新总统罗德里戈?杜特尔特(Rodrigo Duterte)上台后，不断升级的禁毒战争已造成近1800人死亡。
At a Senate committee hearing on extrajudicial executions in the Philippines, Ronald Dela Rosa said 712 people had been killed in police anti-narcotics operations since July 1, the day after Mr Duterte assumed the presidency, while 1,067 deaths were being investigated as drug-related vigilante killings.
菲律宾参议院一委员会就国内发生的法外处决事件举行了听证会，罗纳德?德拉罗萨(Ronald Dela Rosa)在会上表示，自7月1日杜特尔特就任总统后，有712人在警方缉毒行动中被杀，还有1067起死亡正被作为与毒品相关的自告奋勇者杀人案件在调查中。
The new figures come as Mr Duterte fends off criticism at home and abroad over his anti-drugs campaign, which has seen 600,000 potential suspects voluntarily turn themselves in to authorities.
这一新数据公布之际，杜特尔特正抵御国内外对其禁毒运动的指责，已有60万名潜在嫌疑人向当局自首。
The president lashed out at the UN on Sunday for voicing human rights concerns over his war on drugs, saying the Philippines might leave the organisation and form a new body with China and African nations.
联合国表示，菲律宾总统发起的禁毒战争存在人权问题。周日杜特尔特因此向联合国发起抨击，并表示菲律宾可能离开联合国，转而与中国和非洲国家组成一个新机构。
LONDON — In the 1970s, the British comedian Tommy Cooper used to tell a joke about asking an auction house to value a violin and a painting that he had discovered in an attic. The good news, he was told, is that they were made by Stradivarius and Rembrandt. The bad news was that the painting was by Stradivarius and the violin was by Rembrandt.
伦敦——在20世纪70年代，英国喜剧演员汤米·库珀(Tommy Cooper)讲过这样一个笑话：他在阁楼里发现一把小提琴和一幅画，让拍卖公司估价。拍卖公司说，好消息是它们分别出自斯特拉迪瓦里(Stradivarius)和伦勃朗(Rembrandt)之手。坏消息是那幅画是斯特拉迪瓦里画的，小提琴是伦勃朗做的。
He then proceeded to ram the violin through the canvas.
然后，他用那把小提琴砸穿了那幅画。
In those days, of course, Rembrandt was the gold standard. But the Dutchman and his fellow old masters have fallen out of fashion and are no longer as coveted by collectors and investors.
当然，那时候，伦勃朗是大热门。但是如今，这位荷兰画家和他的同辈大师已经过气，不再是收藏家和投资者渴望的对象。
As a measure of that fall, 10 works have sold at auction for more than $100 million since 2004, and all of them were made by modern or contemporary artists in the past 120 years. Older paintings have seen their value, in relative terms, level off or decline. The trend was plain to see in recent weeks, as London’s auction houses tried to find buyers for their latest tranche of old masters. As has been the case in recent years, there were few works by major names.
从2004年起，过去120年里的现代或当代艺术家们创作的10件作品在拍卖会上共卖出1亿多美元。而更早期绘画大师的作品价格则是稳中有跌。最近几周，这一趋势非常明显，伦敦的拍卖公司努力为自己的最新一批18世纪前绘画大师作品寻找买家。与近些年的情况一样，其中几乎没有名作。
Christie’s biannual evening sale on Dec. 8 raised just 6.5 million pounds with fees, about $9.7 million, against a low estimate of 12.7 million. Nineteen of the 45 works, or 42 percent, failed to sell, including the two most highly valued lots — a 1582 watercolor study of a hare among plants by Hans Hoffmann, a pupil of Albrecht Dürer, and a fine 1770s Francesco Guardi view of the island of San Giorgio Maggiore in Venice, carrying low estimates of 4 million and 1.5 million respectively.
12月8日，佳士得(Christie’s)的双年夜间拍卖会仅拍得650万英镑（含佣金），约合970万美元，而最低预估价为1270万英镑。45件作品中有19件流拍，比例达42%，包括两幅估价最高的作品——阿尔布雷特·丢勒(Albrecht Dürer)的学生汉斯·霍夫曼(Hans Hoffmann)1582年创作的水彩习作——丛林中的野兔，还有弗朗西斯科·瓜尔迪(Francesco Guardi)在18世纪70年代创作的描绘威尼斯圣乔治马焦雷岛美景的油画，这两幅画的最低估价分别是400万英镑和150万英镑。
Anyone can have a bad day at the office, but this disappointing performance at Christie’s followed an old masters sale in July that took in 19 million against a low estimate of 31.5 million.
谁都有不如意的时候，但是佳士得拍卖会上令人失望的情景已经不是第一次出现。今年7月的18世纪前绘画大师作品拍卖会仅拍得1900万英镑，而当时的最低预估价是3150万英镑。
Little wonder, then, that Christie’s, the dominant player in the auction market for modern and contemporary art, is re-marketing its old master paintings as “classic art.” It will be offering old masters and other historical pieces next year at its Rockefeller Center sales in April, rather than January. The week will feature a themed sale that includes 20th-century works. And its “classic art” format will debut in London in July, Christie’s said on Friday.
难怪现代和当代艺术品拍卖市场的主要玩家佳士得拍卖行把自己的早期绘画大师作品重新宣传为“古典艺术品”。它将于明年4月（原先的计划是明年1月）在洛克菲勒中心(Rockefeller Center)举办早期绘画大师作品及其他历史作品拍卖会，其中包括20世纪作品专题拍卖会。周五（12月18日），佳士得称，它的“古典艺术品”拍卖计划将于明年7月在伦敦公布。
At its own auction the following evening, Sotheby’s achieved a far more respectable total of 22.6 million with fees, although it was just above the low estimate of 21.8 million based on hammer prices. Of the 44 lots offered, 15 did not sell, or 34 percent.
第二晚（12月9日）的苏富比(Sotheby’s)拍卖会共拍得2260万英镑（含佣金），比佳士得前晚的表现要好得多，不过也只是略高于2180万英镑（不含佣金）的最低估价。44件拍品中有15件流拍，比例达34%。
A lone European telephone bidder paid a top price of 9.1 million for a smaller 1825 version of John Constable’s admired but difficult-to-love 1824 vertical landscape, “The Lock,” that had been in the same British family since 1855.
当晚的最高价来自唯一的一位欧洲电话出价人。此人以910万英镑购得约翰·康斯特布尔(John Constable)令人钦佩但很难让人喜爱的1824年纵向风景画《水闸》(The Lock)的1825年缩小版，这幅画从1855年起一直由一个英国家族私藏。
As a point of comparison, the combined 29.1 million total from those old master sales was 34 percent less than the 44.2 million Christie’s and Sotheby’s took in at equivalent events five years ago, in December 2011.
我们进行一个比较，佳士得和苏富比的这两次18世纪前绘画大师作品拍卖会共拍得2910万英镑，比五年前（2011年12月）类似拍卖会拍得的4420万英镑少了34%。
“The auction market is extremely selective,” said Henry Pettifer, the head of old master paintings at Christie’s, whose sale total had been dented by a 15th-century Flemish Madonna and child by Hans Memling that the auction house had sold privately for more than 3.5 million and had withdrawn from the sale. “The availability of fresh material is limited,” he added, alluding to how few museum-quality works are in private hands.
佳士得把汉斯·梅姆灵(Hans Memling)于15世纪创作的佛兰芒风格圣母与圣子油画从拍卖会上撤掉，以350多万英镑私下出售，所以影响了这次的拍卖总额。该拍卖行的18世纪前绘画大师作品主管亨利·佩蒂弗(Henry Pettifer)说：“拍卖市场非常挑剔。新鲜作品的数量很少。”他指的是私人极少收藏有博物馆级别的作品。
And, thanks to Artnet and other databases that list auction results, wealthy people who buy art have become all too aware of how hard it is to make a profit on old masters.
借助于Artnet等公布拍卖结果的数据库，如今购买艺术品的富豪非常清楚要想在早期绘画大师的作品上获利非常困难。
In one example, Christie’s was offering the mid-18th-century canvas “Rebecca and Eliezer at the Well” by the Venetian artist Francesco Fontebasso at a low estimate of 120,000. The pleasant piece of rococo decoration had been bought at auction in 1990 for $286,000, according to Artnet. At the Dec. 8 sale it fell to a single telephone bid of 115,000, about $170,000, before fees. Investors do not expect to incur a loss of about 40 percent a quarter century after buying a Warhol or a Basquiat. Reselling an old master can be even harder when that painting has been languishing in a dealer’s gallery.
例如，佳士得给威尼斯艺术家弗朗西斯科·丰泰巴索(Francesco Fontebasso)在18世纪中叶创作的油画《井边的丽贝卡和埃利泽》(Rebecca and Eliezer at the Well)的最低估价为12万英镑。根据Artnet的数据，在1990年的拍卖会上，这幅令人愉快的洛可可装饰风格的油画是以28.6万英镑购得的。在12月8日的拍卖会上，它仅得到一个电话出价——11.5万英镑（不含佣金），约合17万美元。而投资者们可不认为在购买沃霍尔(Warhol)或巴斯奎特(Basquiat)的作品25年之后会损失约40%。如果一幅早期绘画大师的作品被搁置在交易商的画廊里，想转卖它就更加困难。
On Nov. 24 and 25, Sotheby’s auctioned the collection of the fourth-generation Munich dealer Konrad Bernheimer, who owns the historic London gallery Colnaghi. Mr. Bernheimer, 65, has decided to scale down his operations. He is closing his Munich gallery, selling his grand Bavarian home, Marquartstein Castle, and is merging Colnaghi with a fellow London dealer, Coll & Cortes.
11月24日至25日，苏富比举办慕尼黑第四代交易商康拉德·伯恩海默(Konrad Bernheimer)的藏品拍卖会，他拥有历史悠久的伦敦科尔纳吉画廊(Colnaghi)。65岁的伯恩海默决定缩小自己的业务，关闭慕尼黑的画廊，卖掉巴伐利亚的豪华宅邸马尔库斯泰恩城堡(Marquartstein Castle)，将科尔纳吉画廊与伦敦的Coll & Cortes画廊合并。
Despite Sotheby’s branding the two-part auction as “The Bernheimer Collection,” his stock proved a hard sell. Only 22 out of the 42 lots at the Nov. 24 evening sale found buyers, with a top price of 197,000 with fees for the 1732 Nicolas Lancret painting, “Le Menuet” — a frothy “fête champêtre” scene with childlike dancers — that had been purchased for $744,000 at auction in 2005.
尽管苏富比把这个分为两场的拍卖会宣称为“伯恩海默藏品拍卖会”，但是结果证明，他的藏品并不好卖。在11月24日的夜间拍卖会上，42件拍品中只有22件找到了买家，价格最高的是尼古拉斯·朗克雷(Nicolas Lancret)1732年的油画《小步舞》(Le Menuet)，它描绘的是一场浮华的游园会，里面有天真烂漫的舞者，售价为19.7万英镑（含佣金）。2005年，这幅画是以74.4万美元的价格在拍卖会上购得的。
Two weeks later, Mr. Bernheimer was among the dozens of long-established old master dealers attending the London evening sales. In the past, they would buy at these auctions to stock up for the Maastricht European Fine Art Fair in March in the Netherlands. But with sellers encouraging Sotheby’s and Christie’s to compete for their business with ever-higher valuations, and auctions now marketed to a shallow pool of wealthy buyers, there was conspicuously little trade bidding.
两周后，伯恩海默等几十位著名的早期绘画大师作品交易商出席伦敦的夜间拍卖会。过去，他们通常会在这些拍卖会上购买一些作品，以备在第二年3月的荷兰马斯特里赫特欧洲美术博览会(Maastricht European Fine Art Fair)上展示。但是由于卖家们鼓励苏富比和佳士得报出更高的估价来争夺自己的拍品，所以拍卖行只针对少数富豪进行宣传，现场竞价十分冷清。
“It’s na瘀攀 not to recognize we’re at a pretty serious moment,” said Anthony Crichton-Stuart, director of the London dealer Agnew’s. “There has been a massive taste shift. But when a good old master does come up at auction and it is priced correctly, you do get some excitement.”
伦敦阿格纽艺术品交易所(Agnew’s)的主管安东尼·克赖顿-斯图尔特(Anthony Crichton-Stuart)说：“如果没有意识到我们处在非常危急的关头，那就太天真了。人们的偏好出现了重大转变。但是如果拍卖会上出现一幅18世纪前绘画大师的佳作，而且价位合理，人们还是会感到兴奋。”
One of the few lots to sell significantly above its estimate, at Sotheby’s, was a 1780 landscape by Joseph Wright of Derby showing a cavern in the Gulf of Salerno with the figure of Julia, the banished daughter of Emperor Augustus.
在苏富比的拍卖会上，有少数几幅作品的拍卖价格远高于预估价，比如德比的约瑟夫·赖特(Joseph Wright of Derby)1780年的一幅风景画，它描绘的是奥古斯都大帝的女儿朱莉叶(Julia)被流放到萨莱诺湾(Gulf of Salerno)的一个洞穴里。
Wright is one of the most original figures of British Romantic painting, and this composition, held in the same private collection in Derbyshire since 1840, had an approachable low estimate of 100,000 because of condition issues and — not insignificantly — the fact that it was a charity donation to benefit Syrian refugees. As a result, at least three bidders pushed the price to 665,000 with fees.
赖特是英国浪漫主义画派的鼻祖之一。这幅作品从1840年起一直由德比郡的一个家族私藏。考虑到目前的行情，它的最低估价仅为10万英镑，还有一个重要因素是它的拍卖款将用于救济叙利亚难民。结果，至少有三位竞拍人把价格推高至66.5万英镑（含佣金）。
“The new money is interested in old masters, but it wants what Duveen sold to the robber barons. It wants names,” said Hugo Nathan, a co-founder of the London advisers Beaumont Nathan. He was referring to Joseph Duveen, the British art dealer who was responsible for bringing many great works of art to the United States.
伦敦博蒙特·内森顾问公司(Beaumont Nathan)的联合创始人雨果·内森(Hugo Nathan)说：“新投资者对早期绘画大师的作品有兴趣，不过他们想要的是杜维恩(Duveen)卖给强盗大亨们的作品。他们想要名作。”他指的是英国艺术交易商约瑟夫·杜维恩(Joseph Duveen)，他把很多伟大的艺术品带去了美国。
Mr. Nathan was among the few dealers actively bidding at the evening sales. Buying on behalf of a client, he paid 506,500, or twice the estimate, at Christie’s for Charles-Antoine Coypel’s 1737 painting, “The Destruction of the Palace of Armida.”
内森是少数几位在夜间拍卖会上积极出价的交易商之一。他在佳士得的拍卖会上代表一位客户以50.65万英镑拍下了查尔斯-安东尼·夸佩尔(Charles-Antoine Coypel)1737年的画作《阿米达宫的毁灭》(The Destruction of the Palace of Armida)，售价是预估价的两倍。
“Today you have to shop by image,” Mr. Nathan said. “But if you are brave and don’t follow fashion, there are opportunities.”
内森说：“如今，你必须根据行情购买。不过，如果你很大胆，不跟随潮流，那么你也有很多机会。”
People are still looking at old masters for pleasure, if not as lucrative investments. Sotheby’s said 6,000 people visited its Dec. 5 to 9 viewing, compared with the 6,400 who saw its Impressionist and contemporary sales in June. At the lower end of the price scale, many historic paintings do find a market — Christie’s and Sotheby’s day sales of old master paintings on Dec. 9 and 10 had solid-enough selling rates of 67 and 65 percent apiece.
如果不是看作有利可图的投资的话，人们依然喜欢欣赏早期绘画大师的作品，从中获得愉悦。苏富比称，6000人参观了12月5日至9日的早期绘画大师作品拍卖会预展，而6月份的印象派和当代艺术品拍卖会的参观人数为6400人。很多历史悠久的画作的确在低端价位上找到了市场，在12月9日至10日的早期绘画大师作品日间拍卖会上，佳士得和苏富比的售出比例都很高，分别是67%和65%。
But there remains a mass of old master paintings in dealers’ stocks — and in collectors’ minds — whose asking prices still hark back to the age of Tommy Cooper. Unfortunately, in today’s market, and at those prices, many of these paintings will be as sellable as that Stradivarius canvas with the hole in it.
不过，在交易商的仓库里和收藏家的脑海里还有大量早期绘画大师的作品，它们的要价仍停留在汤米·库珀那个年代。不幸的是，在如今的市场上，以那样的价格，很多画作都将像被小提琴砸了个大洞的斯特拉迪瓦里画作一样卖不出去。
It was a confident, high-powered investment firm with credit lines at top financial institutions. It made big bets using borrowed money to buy assets and generate higher returns. But when the market for those assets went south, lenders demanded more collateral until the firm suddenly collapsed. Many frightened lenders clamped down on all borrowers, setting off an overall credit crunch.
它曾经是一家傲视业界、富可敌国的投资公司，能从世界一流的金融机构源源不断地获得贷款。它用借来的钱大把大把地押注,购买资产，获得更高的回报。但当这些资产的市值下跌，贷款机构开始要求更多的抵押品，最后这家公司竟然轰然倒塌。很多惊魂未定的贷款机构全面收紧贷款要求，造成整体的信贷紧缩。
The implosion of a giant subprime mortgage lender in 2007?The collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008?
这里说的是2007年倒闭的那家巨型次贷公司吗?是2008年破产的雷曼兄弟(Lehman Brothers)吗？
No. This crisis hit Amsterdam in 1772, after a respected Dutch investment syndicate made a disastrous bet on shares of the British East India Company.
都不是。1772年,一场空前的危机击中了阿姆斯特丹：一家受人尊敬的荷兰投资银团对不列颠东印度公司(British East India Company)股票的投资变成了一场灾难。
A new paper on the Dutch debacle, coauthored by Peter Koudijs at Stanford Graduate School of Business, turns up modern-day lessons about the not-so-scientific ways in which personal experience rather than market information can determine optimism, pessimism, and access to credit.
日前，斯坦福大学商学院(Stanford Graduate School of Business)教授彼得o库迪斯基于这场荷兰危机共同撰写了一篇文章，围绕“个人经验（而非市场信息）决定乐观、悲观以及信贷的获得与否”这种不那么科学的方法给出了现代经验。
It’s no surprise that credit is “pro-cyclical.” When asset prices are booming, optimistic lenders tend to make more loans and often feed the euphoria. When markets sink, lenders rein in risk and sometimes make the downturn worse.
毫不奇怪，信贷具有“助周期性”。当资产价格一片繁荣时，乐观的贷款机构倾向于发放更多贷款，进而加剧市场的狂欢。当资产价格下跌时，贷款机构会控制风险，有时这种做法会加速下跌。
But what drives the underlying optimism or pessimism? Koudijs, working with Hans-Joachim Voth at the UniversitatPompeuFabra in Barcelona, found surprising answers.
但是，是什么推动了乐观或悲观情绪呢？库迪斯与巴塞罗那庞培法布拉大学(Universitat Pompeu Fabra)的汉斯-乔亚吉姆o沃斯发现了一些令人意外的答案。
Though the Dutch financial markets then had none of today’s technology, they employed many of the same practices that traders use today. Investors bought securities, sometimes borrowing money with loans secured by the shares they were buying. In today's language, they bought shares on margin. Lenders protected themselves by demanding a “haircut” – collateral in cash or securities that exceeded the loan amount by a specified percentage. If the value of the securities dropped below that specified percentage, the lender would demand that the investor put up additional money to stay in line with the haircut. If the investor couldn’t come up with the added margin, the lender was entitled to liquidate the securities and recoup the loan amount.
当年的荷兰金融市场固然没有今天的任何科技，但他们的很多做法都和今天的交易员一样。投资者们买入证券，有时会用买入的股票质押获得贷款。用今天的话说，他们基于保证金买入股票。贷款机构为了自身安全，会要求一个超出贷款金额一定百分比的“折幅”，质押现金或证券。如果证券价格下跌超过一定幅度，贷款机构会要求投资者交出更多资金，与“折幅”保持一致。如果投资者拿不出追加保证金，贷款机构有权将证券平仓，收回贷款额。
The Amsterdam crisis began when a Dutch group known as the Seppenwolde syndicate made a big, contrarian bet on the shares of East India Company. Those shares had plunged in 1771 mainly because of losses in Bengal, but the company kept paying high dividends and covered up its shortfalls by borrowing money. Convinced that East India shares would quickly rebound, the Seppenwolde group aggressively bought them on margin. But instead of rebounding, the shares fell even further after the company slashed its dividend.
阿姆斯特丹危机始于荷兰Seppenwolde银团对东印度公司的股价做出了巨额的反向下注。这只股票在1771年早已大跌，主要是因为孟加拉的损失。但这家公司靠借钱继续支付高股息，掩盖了问题。Seppenwolde深信东印度股价会很快反弹，基于保证金大举买入该股。但它的股价并未反弹，在东印度公司降低了股息后，股价甚至进一步走低。
To make a long story short, the Seppenwolde group went bankrupt shortly after Christmas of 1772. The disaster was a top story in Dutch newspapers. It ruined some of Amsterdam’s merchants and bankers. To prevent a general credit collapse, the city of Amsterdam stepped in temporarily as a lender of last resort. Sound familiar?
长话短说，1772年圣诞节后，Seppenwolde很快就破产了。这场灾难是当时荷兰报纸的头条新闻。它彻底毁了阿姆斯特丹一批商人和银行家。为了防止出现全面的信贷崩溃，阿姆斯特丹市只能作为最后贷款人暂时介入。这种情形是不是似曾相识？
As it happened, the lenders to Seppenwolde never lost a guilder. Within weeks, they had liquidated all the East India shares and had recovered the money they had loaned.
事实上，贷款给Seppenwolde的那些机构一个荷兰盾都没损失。他们在几周内就清空了全部的东印度股票，收回了所有贷款。
But then the story took a strange turn. Koudijs and Voth found that Dutch lenders reacted to the Seppenwolde collapse in strikingly different ways. Those who had made loans to Seppenwolde but hadn’t actually lost money became far more pessimistic and demanded much bigger haircuts from all new borrowers. But those who had dodged the bullet by not lending to Seppenwolde didn’t tighten their requirements at all. In fact, those lenders slightly reduced haircuts to their borrowers – a sign they were at least as sanguine as before.
然后，事情峰回路转。库迪斯和沃斯发现，荷兰贷款机构对于Seppenwolde的倒闭做出的反应截然不同。那些曾经贷款给Seppenwolde、但一毛钱也没损失的贷款机构变得越发悲观，要求所有新借款人都提供更多的“折幅”。而那些从未贷款给Seppenwolde、因而躲过一劫的贷款机构则根本没有提高要求。事实上，这些贷款机构可能还略略降低了对借款人的“折幅”要求，至少表明他们和过去一样乐观。
Why the difference? It wasn’t because of a difference in the available information. As Koudijs and Voth point out, everybody in Dutch financial circles knew and understood the magnitude of what had happened. Nor was it because the Seppenwolde lenders had to rebuild their own finances. Within weeks of the default, the lenders knew they hadn’t lost any money.
为什么会有这样的不同？原因并不是因为双方获得的信息不同。正如库迪斯和沃斯所指，荷兰金融圈里的每个人都知道和了解所发生事件的严重程度。也不是因为Seppenwolde的贷款机构不得不重建自身财务。违约几周后，贷款机构就知道他们没有损失一毛钱。
Yet, the disparity in haircuts lasted for almost two years. In fact, the pessimism and risk-aversion of the Seppenwolde lenders reduced the overall availability of leverage in Amsterdam.
但是折幅差异持续了整整两年。事实上，Seppenwolde贷款机构的悲观和避险情绪降低了阿姆斯特丹总体可用杠杆。
In a rigorous analysis of Dutch financial records, Koudijs and Voth conclude that the only real difference between the pessimists and the optimists was whether they had gone through a harrowing personal experience. Koudijs compares it to the behavior of people who lived through the Great Depression, and who avoided financial risk for decades after trauma had passed.
库迪斯和沃斯在孜孜不倦分析荷兰金融记录的过程中得出了结论，悲观者和乐观者之间真正的区别在于他们是否亲身经历过这样的痛苦过程。库迪斯认为，可以类比的是那些经历过大萧条的人们的行为：这些人在大萧条梦魇过去后的几十年里，一直回避金融风险。
The Dutch case involved sophisticated financial professionals, people accustomed to analyzing financial and economic trends. Yet, they too focused on their personal experience.
荷兰危机牵涉到成熟的金融专业人士，那些惯于分析金融和经济趋势的人们。但是，他们过于看重个人经验。
“It suggests that people put more weight on what happened to themselves and less weight on other information that might be available,”Koudijs says. The more personally removed people are from an important event, the less it is to affect their appetite for risk.
“它说明人们看重个人经验，胜过其他可用信息，”库迪斯表示。人们离一个重要事件的中心越远，此事对他们的风险胃口影响就越小。
It’s not clear which group of Dutch lenders was wrong. It’s possible that the Seppenwolde lenders ignored the evidence about broader financial conditions and were too pessimistic. It’s also possible that the other lenders were too casual in brushing off the implications of the East India mess. Either way, the Dutch episode suggests that even sophisticated investors become optimistic or pessimistic for myopic reasons.
不清楚到底是荷兰哪一方贷款机构错了。有可能Seppenwolde的贷款机构忽略了更大范围内的金融状况，过于悲观。有可能另一方贷款机构在忽略东印度危机的冲击意义时过于随意。无论是哪一种情况，荷兰危机都说明，即使是成熟的投资者也会因为个人原因而变得乐观或悲观。
To Koudijs, this has important regulatory implications for heading off 21st-century bubbles and busts.
库迪斯认为，这一点在预防21世纪的泡沫和破灭方面具有重要的监管意义。
“If lenders are too optimistic during market booms and too pessimistic in downturns, that could be a good reason for authorities to set conservative capital requirements,” he suggests. “Higher haircuts might dampen the initial run-ups, but they could also dampen the subsequent fallouts when tides turn.”
“如果贷款机构在市场繁荣时过于乐观，而在市场下行时过于悲观，这或许是当局设定保守的资本金要求的一个最好理由，”他说。“加大折幅可能会抑制最初的涨幅，但当市场转向，它们也能抑制随后的跌幅。”
Gunmen kidnapped 18 Turkish workers Wednesday in Iraq's capital.
星期三，枪手在伊拉克首都绑架了18名土耳其工人。
The workers, who were part of a crew building a football stadium, were taken in the mainly Shi'ite Habibiya district in northeastern Baghdad.
这些正在修建一座足球场的工人在巴格达东北部什叶派穆斯林聚居的哈比比亚城区被绑架。
There was no indication of the identity of the kidnappers or their motive.
目前还不清楚绑架者的身份以及他们的目的。
Turkey's Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said Turkish authorities were in contact with those in Iraq.
土耳其副总理库尔图尔姆斯说，土耳其当局与伊拉克方面保持着接触。
Last year, Islamic State militants seized 49 Turkish hostages from Turkey's consulate in Mosul and held them for more than three months before releasing the group. Those hostages included diplomats, soldiers and children.
去年，伊斯兰国激进分子在土耳其驻摩苏尔领事馆扣押了49名土耳其人质，三个多月后才释放他们。人质中包括外交官、军人和儿童。
A Florida teen is causing strangers to freeze and stare because of her uncanny likeness to Queen Elsa from the Disney movie Frozen.
一位来自美国佛罗里达州的少女引起了世人的惊叹，因为她长得酷肖迪士尼动画电影《冰雪奇缘》中的艾丽莎女王。
Anna Faith Carlson, 18, became an online sensation when she posted a picture of her posing next to a cardboard cutout of Elsa a few months ago.
数月前，18岁的安娜·费斯·卡尔森在一张艾丽莎的宣传立板边照了张相，发布到了网上，她立刻变成了网络红人。
She says she noticed the similarities between her and the Disney character when she first saw the film in December, calling the experience eerie.
她说早在去年12月份，她第一次看这部电影的时候，就注意到了自己和电影中的女主角长得十分相似，当时她觉得十分诡异。
'It's a crazy resemblance,' Carlson said. 'Every time I watch [the movie], it's weird because it's like I'm watching myself. It's kind of creepy.'
“她和我实在长得太像了，”卡尔森说，“每次我看这部电影都觉得很诡异，好像自己在看自己一样，让人感到有点毛骨悚然。”
But now she's using her storybook looks for good, dressing up as the character to entertain children and cheer-up cancer patients.
不过现在，她已经开始利用自己童话公主一般的面容做慈善事业了，她会装扮成童话角色的样子，为孩子们演出，为癌症患儿的家长加油鼓劲。
The aspiring actress is also hoping her online following will secure her an audition to appear on ABC show 'Once Upon A time' which is adding Elsa as a character next season.
这个眼光长远的女孩也希望自己在网络上的知名度能够帮助自己跻身演绎界，为她谋取一个在美国广播公司制作的美剧《童话镇》中饰演艾丽莎一角的试镜机会。该剧将在下一季中加入艾丽莎这个角色。
Her real-life sister Lexie often accompanies her dressed as Elsa's sister Princess Anna from the movie, and her best friend steps in when Lexie isn't available.
她的亲妹妹莱克西经常装扮成电影中艾丽莎的妹妹、安娜公主，和姐姐一起同台演出，当莱克西抽不出时间的时候，她的好朋友们也会来帮忙。
The work suits Carlson who has been into singing and musical theater her whole life.
卡尔森一向热衷于歌唱事业和歌剧事业，因而这样的工作对她再合适不过了。
Right now, she's focusing on her modeling career, but also hopes to branch out into acting.
现在，她主要在模特行业发展，但是她也很希望跻身演绎圈。
After weeks of nail-biting auditions and five days of tense semi-finals, Britain’s Got Talent picked one of the 11 acts to be the 2014 champion.
在经过了漫长的海选和五天紧张的半决赛之后，11位候选选手中其中一位成为了第八季英国达人秀2014年的冠军。
And the public chose Callabro to be crowned this year's winner, where they will take home a ￡250,000 cash prize and a spot at this year's Royal Variety Performance.
一只五人帅哥音乐剧组合Callabro赢得了大众的青睐，赢得了最高选票，成功卫冕。与此同时，他们还获得了250,000英镑的现金奖励，还获得一次在皇家面前表演的机会。
The runner-up was Lucy Kay, with Bars and Melody in third place.
Lucy Kay 成为亚军，而正太组合 Bars and Melody 位列第三。
Musical theatre actors, Callabro united to become a truly talented vocal group who have gone from strength to strength.
Callabro，喜欢唱歌剧的男孩组合在经过不懈努力之后成功成为了本年度的英国达人秀冠军，最具天赋的歌唱组合。
On Saturday night they sang Stars from Les Miserables, the song performed the character Javert in the long-running musical.
在星期六晚上他们再次献唱《悲惨世界》原声《Stars》。
David said: ‘It was wonderful, you couldn’t fault it. It was perfection.’
大卫评价说：“这唱的太棒了，无可挑剔，简直完美。”
‘Can’t fault, I was thinking “go on boys”,’ Alesha smiled.
阿丽莎也微笑地说道：“无可挑剔，一直唱下去，男孩们！”
‘Faultless performance, you are stunning and you could win this competition,’ Amanda said.
阿曼达评价说：“十分精彩的演出，你们明星范十足，一定能赢得这场比赛。”
'I have to echo that, You have steel in your eyes when you sing. You are totally focused. The first time I heard this song it was fantastic, well this was a step up,’ Simon shared.
最后西蒙点评：“你们在唱的时候眼睛里透露出坚定，唱得相当投入，第一次我听到你们唱这首歌的时候我觉得很惊艳，而这一次提高了不少，更上了一个台阶。”
【编辑语】应聘时必须面对HR，工作期间可能需要HR，离职时还是离不开HR。HR是公司中最深谙职场秘密的部门。以下的18条评论是来自于美国各知名公司的HR或是专业人力资源机构的讲师，其中包括知名作家，前人力资源经理Cynthia Shapiro（《企业机密：50条公司不会告诉你的秘密》一书的作者）。我们一起来了解下吧。
It Pays to Get Along
懂得处人准没错
The No. 1 thing in job security is your relationship with your boss. Even if he says, "I'm sorry I really wanted to keep you, but they made me lay you off," that's almost never true. He probably made that decision.
想要工作稳定，最重要的是你与老板的关系。即使他跟你说：“我很想留住你，但是他们一定要让我辞退你。”这很有可能是假话。他才是那个下决定的人。
Even in jobs where you test applicants and those with the top scores are supposed to get the job, I've seen hiring managers fix scores to get the people they like.
在你面试应聘者的时候，有些人得分较高，你认为应该他能得到这份工作，但是招聘主管却改掉分数，招那些他喜欢的人。
Give Me Space
给我一点空间
If you have a question, come to my office. Don't corner me in the bathroom.
如果你有什么问题，就到我的办公室里来讨论，别把我堵在厕所里。
Be Professional
专业一点
Children and hobbies do not belong on a résumé. And never, ever say, "Now that my kids are in college, I'm ready to get back in the workforce."
在简历中提到你的孩子和嗜好没有任何好处。永远不要说，“我的孩子上大学了，我就能安心回到工作岗位了。”
Someone might tell you to ‘Be yourself' in the interview. Don't be yourself. That's the worst advice ever. We don't want people who are neurotic and quirky and whatever else. All we care about is your skill and experience.
别人可能会告诉你“在面试中展示真正的自我。” 但是，真的别随便展示。这是最烂的一条建议。我们不需要一些神经古怪的人，我们关心的只有你的的技术和经验。
I know many of you met your former spouse at the company. But the thing is, for every one of you, there are five people it doesn't work out as well for. And your office romance can and will be held against you.
我知道你们中很多人在公司里曾经找到过自己的前任。但是，这不是放之四海皆准的规律。搞办公室恋情可能会对你产生不好的影响。
Be Original
说点实在的
In interviews, everyone works well with others, and everyone learns quickly. Please tell me something else.
在面试中，每个人都说自己又很强的团队合作能力，快速的学习能力。告诉我一些别的好嘛。
We Pay Attention … Selectively
我们只把精力在应该关注的地方
You're right to be paranoid. The company is always watching you, and there's a record of everything you do: every phone call, every text, every tweet and instant message. At most companies, they save that data forever.
你感到抓狂是对的。公司无时无刻不在监视着你。无论你做什么都有记录：你打的每个电话，发的每条短信，每条在推特上发的帖子和讯息。在大部分公司，这些记录可永远不会删除（这吓人的吧，真可怕~）
I know a lot more about you when you walk in the door than you realize. I'll search for you on the web and often use my own personal network to do a pre-interview reference check.
当你走进来的时候，我对你的认识比你的想象中的多。我在网上寻找关于你的资料，利用我自己的关系网来做面试前的背景调查。
Don't accept an Offer Accept Immediately
不要马上接受工作录用
Never accept the job immediately. Say you need to think about it overnight. Once you sign on the dotted line there's no room for negotiation.
不要马上接受一个工作录用。你需要好好考虑一下。你要是一签文件了，就没有商量的余地了。
Don't Make Yourself Too Comfortable
别让自己工作得太舒服
Companies do have black lists. It's not written down anywhere but it's a list of people they'd be happy to get rid of if the opportunity arises. If you feel invisible, if you're getting bad assignments, if your boss is ignoring you, or if they move your office, you're probably on it.
公司确实有一个“黑名单”。不过不是真的写出来的列表，但是只要有机会，他们就想把“黑名单”上的人炒掉。如果你觉得自己常被无视，或是总是被分到些苦差事，或是老板无视你，或是调你的办公室，那么你有可能在“黑名单”上。
The End of the Road
卷铺走人的时候
I may say "I'm terminating you because you didn't meet performance measures." I'm not going to say it's because you're a pain in the butt and piss people off every time you interact with them.
我可能会说：“我解雇你是因为你工作不达标。”实际上，我并不会说是因为你实在让人受不了，每次和人沟通都会得罪人。
A Method to the Madness
疯狂的方式
I was asked by one CEO to hire the long-legged girl with the long dark hair even though she didn't have the right skills. Another time, I was instructed not to hire anyone with children because the company had too many people leaving for soccer games. That kind of thing happens all the time.
我曾被一位CEO要求雇用一位有着乌黑长发的长腿美眉，虽然她的能力不强。还有一次，我被要求不要雇用有小孩的应聘者，因为公司已经雇用了太多为了看足球赛请假的员工。这种事经常发生。
Many people think, "If I work extra hard, I'm going to get noticed." But it doesn't work that way. If you want to advance, some of the responsibility falls on you to toot your own horn. Make sure your supervisor and your supervisor's supervisor are well of aware of what you're contributing.
很多人会这么想：“只要我努力工作，我总会被人注意到的。” 但是这通常不对。如果你想升职，那么当一些责任分到你头上，让你大施拳脚，你一定要让你的上级，你上级的上级知道你到底为公司贡献了什么。
I've seen managers not hire a woman because the environment is mostly male, and they're worried that no matter how smart or talented she is, she won't fit in.
我曾经看到经理们因为工作环境大都是男性所以没有雇佣一位女性。他们不会在乎那个女人有多聪明，多厉害。她就是不合适。
Money Matters
钱很重要
If we ask "What salary are you looking for?" say you're flexible, or say it depends on the responsibilities of the job. Try not to name a salary unless we really push you, because that gives us a leg up in the negotiating.
如果我们问你“你想要多少月薪？”你应该说随便，或是根据工作责任而定。除非我们逼你，别自己说出一个具体的数。因为那只会让我们在商量上面占上风。
Don't lie about your salary. Ever. Even if your employer doesn't tell us (and most do), we'll find out eventually. I've terminated two people for doing that.
不要在月薪上撒谎。即使你的上任老板没告诉我们（大多数情况都是这样），我们还是会弄清楚的。我还因此开除掉两名员工。
Don't ever tell me that you have to have this job because you're going to lose your house, your kids have nothing to eat, your mother has cancer. Companies aren't a charity.
不要告诉我，你一定要得到这份工作，不然你就要失去你的房子，你的孩子会食不果腹，你的母亲得了癌症等等。公司不是慈善机构。
重点单词
查看全部解释
global
['gl?ub?l]
想一想再看
adj. 全球性的，全世界的，球状的，全局的
联想记忆
X
单词global 联想记忆：
北京有一个global的厅
devastating
['dev?steiti?]
想一想再看
adj. 毁灭性的，令人震惊的，强有力的
succumb
[s?'k?m]
想一想再看
v. 屈从，死
联想记忆
X
单词succumb 联想记忆：
suc下面，cumb躺－躺下去－屈从
pandemic
[p?n'demik]
想一想再看
adj. 全国流行的 n. (全国或全世界范围流行的)疾
联想记忆
X
单词pandemic 联想记忆：
pan全部，dem人民，ic－涉及全部民众的－大范围流行的
population
[.p?pju'lein]
想一想再看
n. 人口 ，(全体)居民，人数
联想记忆
X
单词population 联想记忆：
popul人民+ation→人口
mortality
[m?:'t?liti]
想一想再看
n. 必死的命运，死亡数目，死亡率
联想记忆
X
单词mortality 联想记忆：
mort=death死+ality性质→死亡(率)
bacteria
[b?k'ti?ri?]
想一想再看
n. (复数)细菌
重点单词
查看全部解释
available
[?'veil?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 可用的，可得到的，有用的，有效的
联想记忆
X
单词available 联想记忆：
avail效用。参：availability（n 可用性，实用性）
vaccine
['v?ksi:n]
想一想再看
n. 疫苗
limited
['limitid]
想一想再看
adj. 有限的，被限制的
动词limit的过
supply
[s?'plai]
想一想再看
n. 补给，供给，供应，贮备
vt. 补给，供
联想记忆
X
单词supply 联想记忆：
sup在下面+ply重叠，折叠→重叠下去→供应[下去]，补给
immunity
[i'mju:niti]
想一想再看
n. 免疫，免疫性，免除
联想记忆
X
单词immunity 联想记忆：
im不+mun=public公共的+ity→不公共→不和别人一样[得病]→免除；免疫
identified
想一想再看
adj. 被识别的；经鉴定的；被认同者 v. 鉴定（id
pandemic
[p?n'demik]
想一想再看
adj. 全国流行的 n. (全国或全世界范围流行的)疾
联想记忆
X
单词pandemic 联想记忆：
pan全部，dem人民，ic－涉及全部民众的－大范围流行的
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
virus
['vai?r?s]
想一想再看
n. 病毒，病原体
infection
[in'fekn]
想一想再看
n. 传染，影响，传染病
联想记忆
X
单词infection 联想记忆：
infect+ion→传染；感化
重点单词
查看全部解释
circulate
['s?:kjuleit]
想一想再看
vi. 流通，循环，传播
vt. 使流通
联想记忆
X
单词circulate 联想记忆：
circ圆，环+ulate→绕圈走→循环，流通
pandemic
[p?n'demik]
想一想再看
adj. 全国流行的 n. (全国或全世界范围流行的)疾
联想记忆
X
单词pandemic 联想记忆：
pan全部，dem人民，ic－涉及全部民众的－大范围流行的
immunity
[i'mju:niti]
想一想再看
n. 免疫，免疫性，免除
联想记忆
X
单词immunity 联想记忆：
im不+mun=public公共的+ity→不公共→不和别人一样[得病]→免除；免疫
virus
['vai?r?s]
想一想再看
n. 病毒，病原体
1977：“俄罗斯型流感”H1N1感染人类1977: "Russian flu" H1N1 Infects Humans
在中国北方分析出的这种病毒与1957年以前传播的病毒相似，因此，1957年以前出生的人一般都有了抵抗力，而在那年之后出生的儿童和年轻人由于没有预先的免疫力而缺乏抵抗力。1978年这种病毒在世界各地传播开来，其中包括美国。这种病主要发生在孩子们身上，因此，这次流感没被看成是真正的大流行。1977-78年的流感季节，还没有及时地生产出控制病毒的疫苗，但是，1978-79年的流感疫苗就包含了这种病毒的疫苗。
Isolated in northern China, this virus was similar to the virus that spread before 1957. For this reason, individuals born before 1957 were generally protected, however children and young adults born after that year were not because they had no prior immunity. By January 1978, the virus had spread around the world, including the United States. Because illness occurred primarily in children, this event was not considered a true pandemic. Vaccine containing this virus was not produced in time for the 1977-78 season, but the virus was included in the 1978-79 vaccine.
200911/88510.shtml
1997：H5N1传染人类1997: H5N1 Infects Humans
首次发现直接由禽类传染人类的流感病毒，此病毒的传染与接触家禽市场有关。香港有六人死亡。这种病毒之所以不同，是因为它并没有通过传染猪，使猪成为中间宿主，而是直接由鸡传染给人类。另外，年轻人中感染最严重的病症有些与1918年“西班牙流感”病毒相似。
The first time an influenza virus was found to be transmitted directly from birds to people, with infections linked to exposure to poultry markets. Six people in Hong Kong died. This virus was different because it moved directly from chickens to people, rather than having been altered by infecting pigs as an intermediate host. In addition, many of the most severe illnesses occurred in young adults similar to illnesses caused by the 1918 Spanish flu virus.
200911/88511.shtml
1999：H9N2传染人类1999: H9N2 Infects Humans
第一次出现在人体内。禽类可能是病毒来源。Appeared for the first time in humans. It caused illness in two children in Hong Kong, with poultry being the probable source.
200911/88512.shtmlA 1936 Nobel Peace Prize discovered at a South American pawn shop has been sold at auction in Baltimore for $1.16 million.
1936年诺贝尔和平奖奖牌在美国巴尔的摩的拍卖会上拍出116万美元高价，这枚奖牌是在南美的一家当铺里被发现的。
Brian Kendrella, president of New York-based Stack's Bowers Galleries, says the auction drew half a dozen bidders from six countries. The winning bidder Thursday was an individual collector from Asia who asked to remain anonymous.
布莱恩·肯德罗拉是纽约Stack's Bowers Galleries 拍卖行的行长，他透露这次拍卖吸引了来自6个国家的6名竞拍者。在星期四举行的拍卖会上，中标者是一名匿名的亚洲收藏家。
The prize sold for a winning bid of $950,000 at auction, and an additional buyer's commission brought the final sale price to $1.16 million.
这枚奖牌在拍卖会上以95万美元的价格成交，但是需要额外支付的买方佣金使得最终的拍卖价格达到116万美元。
This is only the second Nobel Peace Prize to come to auction. This award marked the first time someone from Latin America received the honor. The 1936 recipient was Argentina's foreign minister, Carlos Saavedra Lamas.
这是第二枚被拍卖的诺贝尔和平奖奖牌，得主是第一个获得该奖项的拉美人——1936年诺贝尔和平奖奖牌被授予当年的阿根廷外长卡洛斯·萨维德·拉莫斯。
The prize sold for far more than the gallery's estimate of $50,000 to $100,000. The only other Nobel Peace Prize known to have sold at auction was a 1903 medal that brought nearly $17,000 in 1985.
这枚奖牌拍出的高价远远超过了该拍卖行预计的成交金额——5万美元到10万美元。此前，仅有1903年诺贝尔和平奖奖牌在1985年被拍卖，拍得将近1.7万美元。
重点单词
查看全部解释
available
[?'veil?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 可用的，可得到的，有用的，有效的
联想记忆
X
单词available 联想记忆：
avail效用。参：availability（n 可用性，实用性）
vaccine
['v?ksi:n]
想一想再看
n. 疫苗
limited
['limitid]
想一想再看
adj. 有限的，被限制的
动词limit的过
supply
[s?'plai]
想一想再看
n. 补给，供给，供应，贮备
vt. 补给，供
联想记忆
X
单词supply 联想记忆：
sup在下面+ply重叠，折叠→重叠下去→供应[下去]，补给
immunity
[i'mju:niti]
想一想再看
n. 免疫，免疫性，免除
联想记忆
X
单词immunity 联想记忆：
im不+mun=public公共的+ity→不公共→不和别人一样[得病]→免除；免疫
identified
想一想再看
adj. 被识别的；经鉴定的；被认同者 v. 鉴定（id
pandemic
[p?n'demik]
想一想再看
adj. 全国流行的 n. (全国或全世界范围流行的)疾
联想记忆
X
单词pandemic 联想记忆：
pan全部，dem人民，ic－涉及全部民众的－大范围流行的
strain
[strein]
想一想再看
n. 紧张，拉紧，血统
v. 劳累，拉紧，过份
virus
['vai?r?s]
想一想再看
n. 病毒，病原体
infection
[in'fekn]
想一想再看
n. 传染，影响，传染病
联想记忆
X
单词infection 联想记忆：
infect+ion→传染；感化
重点单词
查看全部解释
circulate
['s?:kjuleit]
想一想再看
vi. 流通，循环，传播
vt. 使流通
联想记忆
X
单词circulate 联想记忆：
circ圆，环+ulate→绕圈走→循环，流通
pandemic
[p?n'demik]
想一想再看
adj. 全国流行的 n. (全国或全世界范围流行的)疾
联想记忆
X
单词pandemic 联想记忆：
pan全部，dem人民，ic－涉及全部民众的－大范围流行的
immunity
[i'mju:niti]
想一想再看
n. 免疫，免疫性，免除
联想记忆
X
单词immunity 联想记忆：
im不+mun=public公共的+ity→不公共→不和别人一样[得病]→免除；免疫
virus
['vai?r?s]
想一想再看
n. 病毒，病原体
1977：“俄罗斯型流感”H1N1感染人类1977: "Russian flu" H1N1 Infects Humans
在中国北方分析出的这种病毒与1957年以前传播的病毒相似，因此，1957年以前出生的人一般都有了抵抗力，而在那年之后出生的儿童和年轻人由于没有预先的免疫力而缺乏抵抗力。1978年这种病毒在世界各地传播开来，其中包括美国。这种病主要发生在孩子们身上，因此，这次流感没被看成是真正的大流行。1977-78年的流感季节，还没有及时地生产出控制病毒的疫苗，但是，1978-79年的流感疫苗就包含了这种病毒的疫苗。
Isolated in northern China, this virus was similar to the virus that spread before 1957. For this reason, individuals born before 1957 were generally protected, however children and young adults born after that year were not because they had no prior immunity. By January 1978, the virus had spread around the world, including the United States. Because illness occurred primarily in children, this event was not considered a true pandemic. Vaccine containing this virus was not produced in time for the 1977-78 season, but the virus was included in the 1978-79 vaccine.
200911/88510.shtml
1997：H5N1传染人类1997: H5N1 Infects Humans
首次发现直接由禽类传染人类的流感病毒，此病毒的传染与接触家禽市场有关。香港有六人死亡。这种病毒之所以不同，是因为它并没有通过传染猪，使猪成为中间宿主，而是直接由鸡传染给人类。另外，年轻人中感染最严重的病症有些与1918年“西班牙流感”病毒相似。
The first time an influenza virus was found to be transmitted directly from birds to people, with infections linked to exposure to poultry markets. Six people in Hong Kong died. This virus was different because it moved directly from chickens to people, rather than having been altered by infecting pigs as an intermediate host. In addition, many of the most severe illnesses occurred in young adults similar to illnesses caused by the 1918 Spanish flu virus.
200911/88511.shtml
1999：H9N2传染人类1999: H9N2 Infects Humans
第一次出现在人体内。禽类可能是病毒来源。Appeared for the first time in humans. It caused illness in two children in Hong Kong, with poultry being the probable source.
200911/88512.shtmlA love letter to a US college student from the girlfriend who was to become his wife is finally on its way to him - 53 years after it was written in 1958.
一封投递给美国某位大学生的、来自于其曾经的未婚妻的情书现在终于上路了，虽然这封情书写于1958年，整整迟了53年。
The letter surfaced in a Pennsylvanian university mailroom earlier this month.
在这月初这封信上写着的地址是宾夕法尼亚大学的某个邮箱。
It was addressed to Clark C Moore, who has since changed his name to Muhammad Siddeeq, making it hard to trace him.
这封情书是寄给一个叫做Clark C Moore，但是现在已经改名为Muhammad Siddeeq先生的，由于这次改名，让这封信找到真正的收件人变得尤为困难。
But a friend saw a TV report about it and contacted the sorting office. Mr Siddeeq, 74, says he is still eager to read it, despite now being divorced。
不过幸好y一位Siddeeq先生的朋友看到了电视新闻于是联系了他。Siddeeq先生表示他依然非常希望看到这封信，虽然他和写信的未婚妻已经离婚了。
The letter mysteriously arrived at the California University of Pennsylvania, in the north-eastern state of Pennsylvania, 10 days ago. Written to Mr Moore, the two-page letter was postmarked 20 February 1958 and signed "love forever Vonnie".
这封信件在十天以前神奇般的被寄到了加利福尼亚大学的宾夕法尼亚州分校，这所大学位于宾州的东北部。寄给Moore先生的这封信是1958年2月20日的信件，上面还写着“永远爱你的Vonnie”。
Mr Siddeeq, a retired teacher who is now living in the mid-western city of Indianapolis, said he was shocked when he was contacted by the university.
Siddeeq现在已经是一位退休教师居住在中西部城市Indianapolis，他表示当大学联系到他的时候他震惊了。
201107/145539.shtml
"We have a system here in America where if something is for you and if they find it, it gets to you, that's beautiful," he told US TV station WTAE.
他告诉电视台记者说：在美国有这样一种制度，我们会注意那些本来该到你的手上结果却没到你手上的东西，我们会把它重新送还给你，这个系统非常好。
He and his girlfriend wrote to each other when he was studying science, he said.They did eventually marry and have four children.
他说，他和他的女朋友经常通过书信往来，当时他还在上学。他们最后确实结婚了，而且有了4个孩子。
Romance was different then - with no computers, letter writing was the only way to stay in touch and remains more romantic than emails, he said.
他表示那个时候的人有另外一种浪漫，人们没有电脑，所以交流都是通过信件，这样其实更浪漫。
He admitted to having mixed emotions about the letter as he and Vonnie are now divorced.
他也承认由于他和Vonnie已经离婚了所以听说这封信的时候感情有些复杂。
But he told Washington's Observer-Reporter paper that he was keen to read it as it was "a testament of the sincerity, interest and innocence of that time".
但是他告诉华盛顿报的记者他依然很希望能够读到这封信，毕竟这封信是当时的纯真、关切和真诚的见证。
University officials said the letter was now on its way to him along with a T-shirt from the university.
大学的工作人员表示这封信已经伴随学校的意见T恤一起送往Siddeeq先生了。
"He said if he didn't get that package within the next 53 years, he would call to complain," university spokeswoman Christine Kindl told Reuters news agency.
大学的发言人告诉记者：如果Siddeeq先生在之后的53年还是收不到这封信，他肯定会抱怨我们的效率。
201107/145539.shtmlAnd so, farewell to “Mad Men.” Farewell to the blogs and fan sites that tracked the story line (and more important, the outfits) of each episode.
别了，《广告狂人》(Mad Men)。别了，那些追踪每集情节（更重要的是，每集服装）的博客和粉丝网站。
Farewell to Don and his perfect suits, to Peggy and her plaids, to Joan and her jewel tones and sheaths.
别了，唐(Don)和他完美的西服；别了，佩姬(Peggy)和她的格子裙；别了，琼(Joan)和她的珠光宝气以及紧身连衣裙。
Since Sunday, viewers everywhere have been in mourning, at least judging by the Twitterati.
从周日起，各地的观众都在叹息该剧剧终，至少从Twitter名人的帖子来看是这样的。
I, however, am not among them.
不过，我不在叹息之列。
Not because I am happy to see the end of what was one of television’s smartest series, a pioneer of what is now generally accepted as the current golden age of small-screen serials.
不是因为我乐意看到一部精彩的电视剧剧终——如今已被公认为电视剧的黄金时代，而它正是这个时代的先驱。
But because I can’t help but hope that with the end of “Mad Men” comes the end of a period in fashion that has seen designers become trapped in the past to an almost stifling degree. At least the past as it looked in the 1960s (which in the beginning, let us not forget, looked a lot like the late 1950s) and early ’70s.
我只是忍不住希望，随着《广告狂人》的终结，一个时尚阶段也能终结，在这个阶段，设计师们被困于过去的时代，几乎窒息——至少是困在20世纪60年代（不要忘了，60年代初与50年代末非常相似）至70年代初。
Even for an industry that generally views history as a grab bag of potential inspiration to be dipped into and mixed and matched at will, this has been extreme.
时尚界通常视历史为潜在灵感的百宝囊，可供随时汲取、混合搭配。即便如此，目前这一阶段对历史的依赖也太过极端。
For as long as the show has been running — ever since its debut in 2007 — we have been, it seems, suffering from what Hadley Freeman in The Guardian newspaper dubbed “madmenalaria.”
从该剧2007年首播至今，我们似乎患上了哈德利·弗里曼(Hadley Freeman)在《卫报》(The Guardian)上所称的“广告狂人狂热症”(madmenalaria)。
She defined the term as “the desire to dress like a character from ‘Mad Men,’ ” though I would revise that and call it the mass fashion conviction that all consumers want to dress like characters from “Mad Men.” The show’s visual impact was so intense, it went viral and seemed to recode designers’ creative DNA.
她对“广告狂人狂热症”的定义是“想像《广告狂人》中的人物那样着装”，不过，我想把它的定义改为，大众时装公司认为所有的消费者都想穿成《广告狂人》中的人物那样。该剧的视觉冲击力非常强大，以病毒级传播，仿佛重组了设计师们的创意DNA。
It was apparent not just in obvious brand extensions, like Banana Republic’s “Mad Men” collection (designed in collaboration with the show’s costume supremo, Janie Bryant), but in more pervasive, unspoken ways: in silhouette and print; in hemline and seam. And in the clear belief, visible on catwalks everywhere, that the 1960s were the answer to every moment of pallid inspiration, or aesthetic doubt.
《广告狂人》对时装的影响体现在品牌的发展当中，例如香蕉共和国(Banana Republic)就推出了《广告狂人》系列（这个系列是与该剧的服装主管贾妮·布赖恩特[Janie Bryant]联合设计的），而且很多心照不宣的地方在设计中更加随处可见：裁剪和印花，褶边和接缝；它的影响渗入了在秀台上普遍存在的一种鲜明理念：如果你缺乏灵感或者产生了审美怀疑，就去回顾60年代吧。
It was visible, for example, on many of Frida Giannini’s Gucci runways, including the tablecloth shades and A-line shapes of leathers for autumn-winter 2014; the pastel tunics and ruffled hostess dresses of spring-summer 2013; the bright Beatle trouser suits and caftans of spring-summer 2009.
在弗丽达·詹尼尼(Frida Giannini)为古驰(Gucci)设计的很多时装秀上都可以看到这种理念，包括2014年秋冬的台布渐变色和A字皮裙；2013年春夏的粉色长款衬衫和褶饰女主人连衣裙；2009年春夏的披头士风格鲜艳裤套装和宽松束腰长裙。
It was there in Rossella Jardini’s Moschino, from the bows and bouffants of spring-summer 2009 to the Mary Quant-inspired spring 2013 collection.
它还体现在萝塞拉·亚尔迪尼(Rossella Jardini)为莫斯奇诺(Moschino)设计的2009年春夏系列的蝴蝶结和宽松裙子上以及以玛丽·匡特(Mary Quant)为灵感的2013年春季系列中。
It was in Giambattista Valli’s most recent autumn-winter show, full of puffed-sleeve printed tunics over matching trousers and drop-waisted schoolgirls shifts, and in MaxMara’s ode to Marilyn Monroe’s 1962 photo shoot with George Barris.
它还体现在詹巴蒂斯塔·瓦利(Giambattista Valli)最近的秋冬时装秀上，那场时装秀中充满泡泡袖印花长款衬衫和配套裤子，以及低腰直筒女学生连衣裙；还体现在麦丝玛拉(MaxMara)向乔治·巴里斯(George Barris)1962年为玛丽莲·梦露(Marilyn Monroe)拍摄的照片致敬的系列。
It was visible in practically every brand that edged from the 1960s to 1970s for the season currently in stores, including Alberta Ferretti, Pucci and Etro.
其实，它体现在所有品牌上，它们把六七十年代的服装搬到当季店铺里，包括阿尔伯特·菲尔蒂(Alberta Ferretti)、璞琪(Pucci)和艾绰(Etro)。
I like a miniskirt and maxi-dress as much as the next woman; they are, generally, flattering and easy to wear. And there’s no question that seeing them on Megan and Company was a potent reminder.
和普通女人一样，我也喜欢超短裙和超长裙——它们通常讨人喜欢，易于穿着。毫无疑问，这些裙子穿在梅根(Megan)和她的朋友们身上更是有力地提醒了我们。
But this has begun to feel less like a relevant statement about what women want now and more like a retreat; an assumption, which I would characterize as false, that the past is a safe place to dress.
不过，这种风潮好像不是在表达如今的女人想穿什么，而是在逃避，认为最安全的着装方式是回归过去，我认为这种想法是错误的。
There is a natural human tendency to idealize and whitewash days of yore, to cast them in the rosy glow of the mind’s eye.
理想化地描述并粉饰往昔，把往昔置于想象中的玫瑰色光环中，这是人类的天性。
But most of us are self-aware enough to understand that even as we do this, we are lying to ourselves. We recognize those dangers when it comes to politics (see: Bush and Clinton). Why should clothes be any different?
不过，我们大部分人都有自知之明，在粉饰过去的同时就已意识到自己是在自欺欺人。我们知道这种倾向在政治界的危害（看看布什和克林顿吧）。可是，在时尚界又何尝不是如此呢？
Granted, it is easier to remake something than to make something new. Anyone who has faced a blank page knows that. But if fashion’s ubiquitous default to the 1960s over the last seven years has exposed anything, it is its own lack of imagination, not only about clothes and consumers, but about the relationship of culture and dress.
毋庸置疑，改造比创造容易。任何曾经对着白纸一筹莫展的人都知道这一点。但是，在过去七年里，时尚界对60年代的普遍模仿至少暴露出，这个行业缺乏想象力——不只是对于服装和消费者缺乏想象力，而且对于文化与服装的关系也缺乏想象力。
Such borrowing is predicated in part on the assumption that by decontextualizing a style you also strip it of any possible negative implications: military, dynastic, what have you. It becomes an aesthetic form that exists on its own terms, as opposed to one that symbolizes all sorts of complicated societal or political convulsions.
某种程度上，这种借鉴是基于这样的假设：把一种时装风格从它自身的环境中剥离出来，就能同时去除它所有潜在的负面寓意：譬如战争和王朝。它会变成一种独立存在的审美形式，不再象征任何复杂的社会和政治动荡。
Yet if “Mad Men” showed us anything (besides how cool a skinny suit could look, and that wide ties really were not a good men’s wear moment), it is that the decade chronicled was a complicated, often unhappy, occasionally destructive time.
但是，如果《广告狂人》向我们展示了什么的话（除了修身西服看起来多酷，宽领带真的不是男装的点睛之笔），那么，它最主要展示的是，60年代非常复杂，往往不太愉快，偶尔具有破坏性。
The show was a potent reminder that the sexual revolution and women entering the work force and the rise of consumerism and the Age of Aquarius (all that) had a dark side, and claimed their own victims. That’s part of why it was such a powerful show.
它有力地提醒我们，性革命、女性进入职场、消费主义的盛行以及太空时代都有阴暗的一面，有些人在其中受到了伤害。这是该剧具有强大影响力的一个原因。
The clothes had resonance because the characters who wore them were intricate and multidimensional, not just because Joan’s brocade sheath was really glamorous, or Megan’s psychedelic chiffons made Pucci feel cool.
那些服装能引起共鸣，是因为身穿那些服装的剧中人物精致复杂，而不只是因为琼的织锦紧身连衣裙真的魅力四射，或者梅根的迷幻雪纺连衣裙让璞琪看起来很酷。
But that kind of emotional identification gets lost on the runway, and the retail floor. And then we are left with what?
但是，在秀台上和零售店里，那种情感上的认同消失了。那么，我们还剩下什么？
Form without content. Which is why devolving to such familiar forms seems like a safe bet, and why it really isn’t. It’s empty and disposable — which is in turn why the 1960s keep being identified as a “trend,” with the associated implication that at some point they will also be identified as “over.” Even though that “over” has yet to come.
只剩下空洞的形式。所以，借鉴这些熟悉的形式看似稳妥，实际上并非如此。它是空洞的，可以被丢弃，所以，60年代的风格一直被认为是一股“潮流”——“潮流”暗含的意思是，在某一时刻它将“终结”。虽然“终结”尚未到来。
But perhaps we are finally there. Perhaps the curtain had to fall on the show before it could fall on that part of the ready-to-wear shows. Perhaps the history hamster wheel that we seem to be on — which has seen us cycle through the 1970s as well as some of the big hair and bigger shoulder pads of the 1980s (yes, we are there again) — will finally stop turning.
但是，我们也许终于走到了终点。也许只有在该剧落幕之后，它对成衣秀的影响力才会终结。也许我们对历史无休止的模仿（是的，我们曾模仿70年代的风格以及80年代的大波浪头和高垫肩）才会最终停止。
After all, during the last round of collections, the most striking pieces — from Louis Vuitton, Dior, Proenza Schouler, Narciso Rodriguez — had a streamlined momentum that wasn’t dragged down by any decade-related reference, or identity. They were clothes that went striding into the future, freed from the weight of the past.
毕竟，在最新一批时装系列中，最引人注目的系列有流线形的趋势，没有被任何与60年代有关的元素或身份拖住——例如，路易威登(Louis Vuitton)、迪奥(Dior)、普罗恩萨·施罗(Proenza Schouler)和纳西索·罗德里格斯(Narciso Rodriguez)——这些服装大踏步走向未来，没有往昔的负累。
Isn’t that what we all want? Don Draper would have understood.
这难道不是我们所有人都想要的吗？唐·德雷珀(Don Draper)应该会理解的。
A police raid of an illegal food store in southern China has exposed tonnes of rancid, decades-old chicken feet being 'processed' to be sold to unassuming customers.
近日中国警方对南部一家不法食品商家进行突袭，曝光成吨的腐臭鸡爪。这些有几十年历史的“美味”经过“特殊加工”后，会卖给毫不知情的消费者。
The decaying feet, some dating back to 1967, were being 'cleaned up', plumped up and whitened at the 'foul-smelling' plant using bleach and other chemicals, before being prepared for sale.
有些腐烂的鸡爪竟然出产于1967年，在腥臭扑鼻的处理场里，这些鸡爪经过漂白剂和其它化学物质“清洁”、涨泡、漂白流程之后，便可重新上市出售。
Police, who raided the criminal operation, said they also found beef tripe, cartilage and other out-of-date animal organs - all of which had been smuggled across the border from neighbouring Vietnam. In total 20 tonnes of illegal meat was seized.
参与本次突袭犯罪活动的警察说，他们还发现了牛百叶、软骨和其它早已过期的动物器官，这些都是从邻国越南走私来的。警方共查处非法肉类20吨。
According to local media, the gang, based in Nanning, the capital city of south China's Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, was able to make up to 16,000 yuan (￡1,750) profit on every tonne of the putrid meat, by injecting it with chemicals, increasing its weight by 50 per cent.
据当地媒体报道，这一犯罪团伙设在广西壮族自治区首府南宁，他们向腐肉中注射化学药品，使其增重50%，这样每吨腐肉便可获利16000元人民币（合1750英镑）。
Li Jianmin, from the local Public Security Bureau, told Xinhua news agency, quoted by the South China Morning Post: 'The entire processing facility had a fishy and foul smell. You just couldn't stand it after one or two minutes.'
《南华早报》援引当地公安局李剑敏告诉新华社记者的消息：“整个加工车间里又腥又臭，人进去待一两分钟就受不了。”
The stomach-churning finding is not the first to be exposed in the area. Police in Guangxi, along China's border with Vietnam, have stepped up anti-smuggling operations over the last year and have raided seven illegal food processors.
这样令人反胃的发现在当地并非第一次。从去年起，位于中越边境的广西警方加强了对走私活动的监察打击力度，并成功突袭七家非法食品加工厂。
Criminal gangs have been difficult to catch, however, because illegal meats are often hidden among other produce such as fruit and vegetables, and lorry drivers are often bribed to deny any knowledge of it.
然而抓捕犯罪团伙十分困难。非法肉类食品常常混藏在水果蔬菜等农产品之间，卡车司机收到好处费后也拒绝承认对此事知情。
China and its southern neighbour failed to come to an agreement on cross-border trade last month during Vietnamese president Truong Tan Sang's state visit to China, where he met with his counterpart Xi Jiping.
上月越南主席张晋创对中国进行国访，会见中国主席习近平。但中越双方并未就跨境贸易达成一致。
Media reports from both countries, which have been involved in rising tensions over territories in the South China Sea, lay the blame on the their respective governments for illegal foods entering their markets.
中国和越南的关系因中国南海领土问题而变得日益紧张。两国媒体都对这一事件进行了报道，指责各自政府将非法食品投放本国市场。
Vietnamese press claim chicken, sturgeon, fruit and vegetables from China have been undercutting local market prices. While illegal out-of-date produce is creating a black market in China.
越南声称来自中国的鸡肉、鲟鱼和果蔬降低了当地产品的市场价位，而他们却将严重过期的不法产品运至中国，甚至还形成了黑市。
重点单词
查看全部解释
circulate
['s?:kjuleit]
想一想再看
vi. 流通，循环，传播
vt. 使流通
联想记忆
X
单词circulate 联想记忆：
circ圆，环+ulate→绕圈走→循环，流通
pandemic
[p?n'demik]
想一想再看
adj. 全国流行的 n. (全国或全世界范围流行的)疾
联想记忆
X
单词pandemic 联想记忆：
pan全部，dem人民，ic－涉及全部民众的－大范围流行的
immunity
[i'mju:niti]
想一想再看
n. 免疫，免疫性，免除
联想记忆
X
单词immunity 联想记忆：
im不+mun=public公共的+ity→不公共→不和别人一样[得病]→免除；免疫
virus
['vai?r?s]
想一想再看
n. 病毒，病原体
1977：“俄罗斯型流感”H1N1感染人类1977: "Russian flu" H1N1 Infects Humans
在中国北方分析出的这种病毒与1957年以前传播的病毒相似，因此，1957年以前出生的人一般都有了抵抗力，而在那年之后出生的儿童和年轻人由于没有预先的免疫力而缺乏抵抗力。1978年这种病毒在世界各地传播开来，其中包括美国。这种病主要发生在孩子们身上，因此，这次流感没被看成是真正的大流行。1977-78年的流感季节，还没有及时地生产出控制病毒的疫苗，但是，1978-79年的流感疫苗就包含了这种病毒的疫苗。
Isolated in northern China, this virus was similar to the virus that spread before 1957. For this reason, individuals born before 1957 were generally protected, however children and young adults born after that year were not because they had no prior immunity. By January 1978, the virus had spread around the world, including the United States. Because illness occurred primarily in children, this event was not considered a true pandemic. Vaccine containing this virus was not produced in time for the 1977-78 season, but the virus was included in the 1978-79 vaccine.
200911/88510.shtml
1997：H5N1传染人类1997: H5N1 Infects Humans
首次发现直接由禽类传染人类的流感病毒，此病毒的传染与接触家禽市场有关。香港有六人死亡。这种病毒之所以不同，是因为它并没有通过传染猪，使猪成为中间宿主，而是直接由鸡传染给人类。另外，年轻人中感染最严重的病症有些与1918年“西班牙流感”病毒相似。
The first time an influenza virus was found to be transmitted directly from birds to people, with infections linked to exposure to poultry markets. Six people in Hong Kong died. This virus was different because it moved directly from chickens to people, rather than having been altered by infecting pigs as an intermediate host. In addition, many of the most severe illnesses occurred in young adults similar to illnesses caused by the 1918 Spanish flu virus.
200911/88511.shtml
1999：H9N2传染人类1999: H9N2 Infects Humans
第一次出现在人体内。禽类可能是病毒来源。Appeared for the first time in humans. It caused illness in two children in Hong Kong, with poultry being the probable source.
200911/88512.shtml1977：“俄罗斯型流感”H1N1感染人类1977: "Russian flu" H1N1 Infects Humans
在中国北方分析出的这种病毒与1957年以前传播的病毒相似，因此，1957年以前出生的人一般都有了抵抗力，而在那年之后出生的儿童和年轻人由于没有预先的免疫力而缺乏抵抗力。1978年这种病毒在世界各地传播开来，其中包括美国。这种病主要发生在孩子们身上，因此，这次流感没被看成是真正的大流行。1977-78年的流感季节，还没有及时地生产出控制病毒的疫苗，但是，1978-79年的流感疫苗就包含了这种病毒的疫苗。
Isolated in northern China, this virus was similar to the virus that spread before 1957. For this reason, individuals born before 1957 were generally protected, however children and young adults born after that year were not because they had no prior immunity. By January 1978, the virus had spread around the world, including the United States. Because illness occurred primarily in children, this event was not considered a true pandemic. Vaccine containing this virus was not produced in time for the 1977-78 season, but the virus was included in the 1978-79 vaccine.
200911/88510.shtml
1997：H5N1传染人类1997: H5N1 Infects Humans
首次发现直接由禽类传染人类的流感病毒，此病毒的传染与接触家禽市场有关。香港有六人死亡。这种病毒之所以不同，是因为它并没有通过传染猪，使猪成为中间宿主，而是直接由鸡传染给人类。另外，年轻人中感染最严重的病症有些与1918年“西班牙流感”病毒相似。
The first time an influenza virus was found to be transmitted directly from birds to people, with infections linked to exposure to poultry markets. Six people in Hong Kong died. This virus was different because it moved directly from chickens to people, rather than having been altered by infecting pigs as an intermediate host. In addition, many of the most severe illnesses occurred in young adults similar to illnesses caused by the 1918 Spanish flu virus.
200911/88511.shtml
1999：H9N2传染人类1999: H9N2 Infects Humans
第一次出现在人体内。禽类可能是病毒来源。Appeared for the first time in humans. It caused illness in two children in Hong Kong, with poultry being the probable source.
200911/88512.shtmlThe price of Chinese zodiac stamps commemorating the 1980 Year of the Monkey have rocketed to a historical high for a number of reasons, according to National Business Daily.
根据《每日经济新闻》报道，1980版的猴年生肖纪念邮票价格由于种种原因创下了历史新高。
As the first of its kind, these monkey stamps are sought-after items, with a single stamp fetching 12,000 yuan, much more than its original face value of 0.8 yuan. The complete set of stamps is priced at 1.5 million yuan.
该版猴票为我国发行的首套生肖邮票，因此颇受追捧。据悉，一枚邮票的价格已经从当时的发行价8分涨至1.2万元，整版价格更是达到150万元。
The reason for its high valuation is based on the fact that it was the first time China Post released stamps featuring the Chinese Zodiac since the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949.
这套邮票价格如此之高的原因是因为这是中华人民共和国1949年建国以来，第一次中国邮政发行的生肖邮票。
Since then, China has been issuing stamps on the theme of the lunar calendar every year to mark the 12 Chinese astrological signs.
自此之后，中国每年都会发布以12生肖属相为主题的农历新年纪念邮票。
Small circulation also contributed to the monkey stamp's record price. Only five million "Golden Monkey" stamps were released for circulation in 1980, and they are exceedingly rare now.
流通量小也助长了给猴年邮票创纪录的价格。在1980年，只有500万“金猴”枚邮票发行，所以现在非常罕见。
In addition, the 1980 stamps were designed by Huang Yongyu, 92, a well-known Chinese master painter, making it a collectible item with extreme value.
除此之外，它的设计者是92岁的黄永玉大师，一位著名的画家，使它成为了极具收藏价值的物品。
China's newly issued lunar New Year monkey stamps marking 2016, another Year of the Monkey, also designed by Huang and each with a face value of 1.20 yuan, have attracted much attention, with collectors lining up outside post offices ahead of their release.
我国近日发行的2016年猴票同样由黄永玉创作。面值为每张1.2元钱，也颇受关注。在正式发布之前，收集者已经在邮局外排起了长队。
If a sitcom that lasts for 10 years is considered popular, then surely one that still stirs up emotions after 20 must be considered a classic. Friends first aired in the US in 1994, featuring a cast of six young men and women in New York. In the time since, it’s become one of the most famous titles in the sitcom genre, aired in over 100 countries and regions in the world.
如果一部情景喜剧播出10年堪称流行，那么播出20年后依旧令无数人挂怀的电视剧则是经典。《老友记》1994年在美国首播，讲述了六个生活在纽约的青年男女的故事。现在，该剧已经是最著名的情景喜剧之一，在全球超过100多个国家和地区播出。
The show is iconic among those who grew up in the 1990s because it explores core themes like friendship, struggling to survive in a big city, and finding independence and identity, all of which are still relevant to young audiences today.
《老友记》是成长在90年代的小伙伴们心中标志性的存在，因为它的主题：友谊、大城市生存的不易，发现自我、寻求独立，与年轻人息息相关，如今亦是如此。
This is a story about six friends with precarious love lives who spend their days sitting in a cafe sipping coffee from oversized mugs. Who’d have thought this premise would go on to become one of the most influential sitcoms of all time?
该剧讲述了6位男女和他们飘忽不定的爱情，还有他们在咖啡店中享用超大杯咖啡的时光。而谁想到这竟成为情景剧中最具深入人心的场景之一？
Twenty-something show
20多岁的故事
According to Brett Mills, senior lecturer in film and television studies at the University of East Anglia in the UK, Friends was the first sitcom that directly addressed the problems faced by twenty-somethings. Watching the show feels like reading the story of a young person’s life.
正如英国东安格利亚大学影视高级讲师布霄特?米尔斯所言，《老友记》是首部讲述20来岁年轻人所面临的问题的情景剧。而看剧就像在读一个年轻人的人生故事。
“The key thing about Friends is that it’s about people working out how they are going to live their lives — what kind of relationships are they going to have, what kind of job, and the difficulties of settling down,” says Mills to the Daily Mail. “You’re engaged in all those questions about escaping from your family, becoming an adult and working out what you want to be.”And that’s one of the key issues in the youth culture of the 1990s.
米尔斯在接受《每日邮报》采访中说，“《老友记》的核心是关于人要如何生活，他们想要怎样的友谊，找一份怎样的工作，以及寻找安定的不易。这些问题都是你在离开家、成长为大人、实现梦想之时所面临的。”而这也是90年代青春文化的主要内容。
Friends count too
朋友很重要
It is also argued that Friends came about as the family unity of small-town America was being replicated in major urban centers as young people migrated without the maturity or streetsmarts to live alone. Before Friends, sitcoms tended to focus on family dynamics, with parents being the central characters. But when young people strike out on their own in the big city, who do they have for support? They must rely on each other to endure through the overwhelming confusion of youth.
《老友记》播出之时，正值来自小城镇的美国年轻人向大城市转移的时代，而初到大城市的年轻人既不够成熟，也缺乏独自生存的能力。在此之前，情景喜剧都以展现家庭百态为主，父母是剧中的主要人物。但是，当年轻人独自在大城市生活时，他们不得不依靠彼此，一起度过迷茫的青春。
Still relevant
依然年轻
Most of Friends was shot before cellular phones and Google were ubiquitous. The clothes and gadgets seem a bit outdated these days. Despite this, the show’s key elements still hold up remarkably well in the eyes of young viewers.
《老友记》大部分剧集拍摄之时，手机和Google都还未普及，剧中的服装和道具现在看来也有些过时，但是，剧中的主题却依旧深得现在年轻观众的心。
The issues addressed in friends — relationships, careers, and friendship — continue to be relevant to today’s youth.
其关于朋友间爱情、事业、友谊的主题仍然与今天的年轻人息息相关。
In 2011, some seven years after the last season of Friends, over 36 million tuned into Comedy Central, a US satellite TV channel, to watch the show. The main demographic for this channel is 16 to 34 year olds, and viewing figures spiked during holidays, when extra episodes are also shown.
2011年，在《老友记》最后一季播出7年之后，美国卫星电视频道Comedy Central再次播放该剧，观看人数超过了3600万，而观众的年龄主要分布在16岁至34岁之间。假期时，看剧人数更是由于播放集数增加而飙升。
The show’s sense of humor remains keen without relying on nudity, swearing and sexting. This gives the show a refreshing aura in an age where shows are constantly trying to push the envelope in terms of racy content.
《老友记》中没有露骨的内容、不干净的台词或是黄段子，但它的幽默感却丝毫不减，为这个电视剧总喜欢裹挟着露骨内容的年代带来一阵清新之风。
1997：H5N1传染人类1997: H5N1 Infects Humans
首次发现直接由禽类传染人类的流感病毒，此病毒的传染与接触家禽市场有关。香港有六人死亡。这种病毒之所以不同，是因为它并没有通过传染猪，使猪成为中间宿主，而是直接由鸡传染给人类。另外，年轻人中感染最严重的病症有些与1918年“西班牙流感”病毒相似。
The first time an influenza virus was found to be transmitted directly from birds to people, with infections linked to exposure to poultry markets. Six people in Hong Kong died. This virus was different because it moved directly from chickens to people, rather than having been altered by infecting pigs as an intermediate host. In addition, many of the most severe illnesses occurred in young adults similar to illnesses caused by the 1918 Spanish flu virus.
200911/88511.shtml
1999：H9N2传染人类1999: H9N2 Infects Humans
第一次出现在人体内。禽类可能是病毒来源。Appeared for the first time in humans. It caused illness in two children in Hong Kong, with poultry being the probable source.
200911/88512.shtmlDuring NATO’s 1999 air war over Yugoslavia the Atlantic alliance struck hundreds of targets over Serbia and Kosovo. Most were uncontroversial: air-defense sites army headquarters and other military targets. The destruction of one target in particular however set off a wave of anti-Western—and anti-American in particular—protests half a world away. That target was the Chinese embassy in Belgrade.
在北约1999年对南斯拉夫的空袭中，大西洋联盟对塞尔维亚和科索沃境内数以百计的目标进行了打击。绝大多数目标都没有争议：防空阵地、军队指挥部和其他军事目标。然而对一个特殊目标的摧毁却在世界另一端掀起了声势浩大的反西方特别是反美浪潮。那个目标就是驻贝尔格莱德的中国大使馆。
NATO’s bombing campaign began on March 24 1999 after peace talks meant to stop the persecution of ethnic Albanians in Kosovo collapsed. Targets in both Yugoslavia and Kosovo were struck—first the Serb air defense network that opposed NATO planes then a broader target array including Yugoslav army forces said to be directly involved in the persecution of Kosovars. The target list also included political-military targets inside the Yugoslav capital of Belgrade itself.
在以结束迫害科索沃境内阿尔巴尼亚族为目的和平谈判破裂后，北约于1999年3月24日开始了轰炸行动。南斯拉夫和科索沃境内的目标均受到了打击，首先是对抗北约战机的塞尔维亚防空网络，接下来是一系列范围更大的目标，包括被指直接参与迫害科索沃人的南斯拉夫军事力量。目标清单中还包括南斯拉夫首都贝尔格莱德境内的政治和军事目标。
Overall twenty-eight thousand bombs and other munitions were exploded over Yugoslavia a country the size of Ohio. William Cohen then secretary of defense characterized Allied Force as “the most precise application of airpower in history.” Some five hundred civilians died in the bombing a remarkably low number for such a high number of munitions expended. In its own account of the campaignNATO stresses that targets were “carefully sexted” and that “massive effort was made to minimise the impact of the air campaign on the Serb civilian population.”
约28000枚炸弹和其他弹药在只有俄亥俄大小的南斯拉夫境内爆炸。时任国防部长的威廉·科恩将联军描述为“史上最精确的空中力量运用”。500余名平民在消耗巨量弹药的轰炸中丧生，这一数字出乎意料的低。北约在自己的作战报告中着重强调：所有目标都经过“仔细甄别”，并且“付出了巨大努力以将空袭行动对塞尔维亚平民的影响降到最低”。
Despite the seemingly extensive target vetting on May 7 the Chinese embassy in Belgrade was struck by five Joint Directed Attack Munition satellite-guided bombs delivered by U.S. Air Force B-2 Spirit bombers. Three Chinese journalists—Shao Yunhuan of Xinhua and Xu Xinghu and his wife Zhu Ying of the Guangming Daily—were killed in the attack. Twenty other Chinese nationals were injured five seriously.
尽管看起来有着大量的目标核对工作，但在5月7日，中国驻贝尔格莱德的大使馆却被从美国空军B-2幽灵轰炸机上发射的五枚卫星制导联合直接攻击弹药击中。三名中国记者——新华社记者邵云环，光明日报记者许杏虎和他的妻子朱颖在袭击中身亡。另外20名中国公民受伤5人伤势严重。
In 2008, China's government added an entry to the list of conditions classified as mental illnesses: "Internet addiction." According to numerous reports in state-run media, China's young people were spending too much time in Internet cafes, ignoring family or work to play online games into the wee hours, sometimes neglecting to eat, drink, or sleep, and endangering their own health.
2008年，中国政府增加了一个归类为精神疾病的条目："网瘾症"。据大量官方媒体报道，中国的年轻人花太多时间泡在网吧里，不顾家人和工作玩网络游戏到凌晨，有时甚至不吃，不喝，不睡眠，严重危害了自己的健康。
Anxiety about addiction to screen time gave rise to a dubious new line of businesses: boot camps, often run by ex-military personnel, promising to help wayward youth kick the habit. But investigative reports p ublished in recent days by Beijing News and the Mirror reveal abusive conditions, leading to the death of at least one student, at the Zhengzhou Boqiang New Idea Life Training School, which billed itself a s an Internet-addiction recovery camp in eastern Henan province.
对于网瘾的焦虑导致了一个定位模糊的新行业的出现：网癖训练营，由退伍军人管理,承诺帮助青少年戒除网瘾。但是 由新京报与镜报在近日发表的调査报告中显示，在郑州林伯强新思路生活训练学校(该学校声称自己是河南省东部的一个网瘾康复营)中存在虐待的情况，至少一名学生死亡。
A 19-year-old girl, referred to as Guo Lingling (this may be a pseudonym), was allegedly struck and kicked repeatedly by her so-called instructors after failing to ask permission to go to the bathroom. An autopsy report showed she died from skull injuries and brain damage.
死者是一名19岁的女孩，被称为郭玲玲（这可能是化名），据称她未经许可去卫生间后被所谓的导师反复拳打脚踢。验尸报告显示，死亡原因是因为颅骨受伤和脑损伤。
When her mother came to the school to collect Guo's remains, other students gave the grieving woman tt r names and phone numbers, asking for her help in contacting their own parents to get them out of the bo t camp. One of the practices of the facility, which aimed to "reform" behavior through fear-based trainin g and harsh discipline, was to limit students' contact with the outside world.
当她的妈妈来到学校整理她的遗体时，其他的同学把自己的名字和电话号码给了这个悲伤的女人,要求她联系自己的父母,让他们脱离这个网瘾训练营。网瘾训练营其中一种实践方法就是限制学生与外界接触。它是通过基于恐惧的培训方式和严苟的纪律来“纠正”学生行为的。
Local educational authorities have since revoked Zhengzhou Boqiang New Idea Life Training School's license and launched an investigation into its record. Hauntingly, the school's website remains online, replete with photos of students in camouflage uniforms performing drills and attending what the site labels "wonderful lectures."
当地教育主管部门已经撤销了郑州林伯强新思路生活培训学校的执照，并展开了备案调查。学校的网站仍然在线，网站上充满了迷彩装学生在表演训练的照片和"精彩讲座"的网站标签。
Forget giving at least two weeks notice, finessing an exit interview, and tactfully networking your way out the door. Some people are in too big a hurry for any of that.
别提什么至少提前两周通知公司，精心安排一次离职面谈，在卷铺盖走人前费尽心机跟人搞好关系了。有些人在离职时太过匆忙，根本顾不上这些套路。
Others have come up with some, um, creative ways to say sayonara. When staffing firm OfficeTeam asked about 600 U.S. human resources managers to describe the weirdest ways they’ve seen or heard people resign lately, here’s what they said:
另一些人则采用一些颇具创意的告别方式。人力资源公司OfficeTeam邀请美国600位人力资源经理透露一下他们最近耳闻目睹的最古怪离职方式。现在就让我们一起来欣赏一下吧：
“An employee baked a cake with her resignation letter written on top.”
“有个员工烤了个蛋糕，把辞职信直接写在了蛋糕上。”
“One guy hired a marching band to accompany his announcement.”
“有个家伙请了一支军乐队来陪他宣布离职。”
“The worker threw a brick through the window with the words ‘I quit’ written on it.”
“有个员工把一块上面写着‘我不干了！’的砖头扔进公司窗户。”
“An employee left a sticky note saying that he was quitting.”
“一个员工离开时留了张便利贴，上面写着他走人了。”
“The individual sent an email blast to the entire staff.”
“有个人离职时给全体员工群发了一封邮件。”
“One employee threw a cup of coffee and walked out.”
“有个人把一杯咖啡摔在地上后就扬长而去。”
“An employee bragged to all his colleagues that it was his last day, but failed to let his boss or the HR manager know.”
“有个家伙有一天跟所有同事说这是他最后一天了，结果却没让老板和人力资源部经理知道。”
A few people took advantage of technology:
有些人会充分运用科技的力量：
“An employee sent his boss a text message to say he was leaving.”
“有个人给老板发了个短信，说他要离职了。”
“One person quit on Facebook.”
“有个人在Facebook上公开辞职。”
“The employee submitted a message through the company web site.”
“有个员工在公司网站上发帖称自己辞职了。”
“Someone resigned via a video conference call.”
“还有人在视频会议上宣布辞职。”
Some delegated the task:
有些人则特地请人代劳：
“One person had his wife call to tell his boss he was not coming back.”
“有个人请妻子跟自己老板打电话说他不会再来上班了。”
“A worker sent a text to a colleague saying he was quitting and asked her to forward it to management.”
“有个人给同事发了条短信说自己辞职了，并请她把这条短信转发给高管。”
“One employee’s parents contacted the company to let us know their son was resigning.
“有个员工的父母跟公司联系，告诉我们说，他们的儿子辞职了。”
And others simply disappeared:
还有些人直接就玩消失了：
“One person said he was going to the men’s room and didn’t return.”
“有个人说自己去上厕所，然后就再没回来。”
“An employee packed up her belongings and walked out without a word.”
“有个女员工打包好自己的东西就一言不发地走了。”
“Someone left for lunch and never came back.”
“有些人说自己去吃午饭了，然后一去不回。”
“An employee stormed out in the middle of a meeting, without explanation.”
“有个人在会议中途冲了出去，一句话也没留。”
“The employee said she was going out to buy boots, but was never seen again.”
“有个女员工说自己去买靴子，但再也没露过面。”
“How you leave a position can make a lasting impression,” notes OfficeTeam executive director Robert Hosking. That’s for sure. Most (86%) of the HR managers in the survey said that how someone quits a job “affects their future career opportunities.” Word gets around.
OfficeTeam公司的执行总监罗伯特o霍思金表示：“离职的方式会给人留下难以磨灭的印象。”确实如此。本次调查中的绝大多数（86%）人力资源经理声称，
It’s sometimes one of the scariest words in the English language, but it’s a word you should be prepared to say when opportunities arise in your career: Yes.
有时，它是英语中最可怕的字眼之一。但是当机会在你的职业生涯中出现时，你应该准备好说出这个字眼：Yes。
I’m not saying you should blindly accept everything that’s offered to you, it’s okay to take time when considering the pros and cons of an opportunity. But, when you find yourself leaning toward “No,” you owe it to yourself to be sure that you’re turning down the opportunity for a valid reason, not just out of fear.
当然，我不是说你应该盲目地接受摆在面前的一切机会，花时间权衡一下利弊是对的。但当你想要说“No”时，你要确信是出于正当的理由，而不是因为心怀恐惧。
Consider this: Will the experience enhance your knowledge and play to your strengths? Will it introduce you to new concepts and new people? (All great reasons to say yes!) Will it require you to develop new techniques for managing your team or working with more experienced people? Embrace this challenge and get out of your comfort zone.
认真思考一下：未来的经历能提高你的知识和技能吗？它是否会让你接触到新的观点，认识不同的人？（这些都是支持你对机会说“Yes”的好理由！）你需要为了管理团队或与经验更加丰富的同事共事而培养新技巧吗？如果答案是肯定的，那就接受这种挑战，走出你的舒适区。
When I find myself wanting to shout “No!” to an opportunity, that’s a sure sign to me that the answer should probably be “Yes.” So, I take a deep breath and analyze the situation as objectively as possible.
当我想要对一个机会大声喊“No”时，这往往是个信号，提醒我还有一个答案或许该是“Yes”。如此一来，我会深呼吸一下，然后尽量客观地分析现状。
Remember, no one is ever perfectly prepared for every situation. You’ve probably discovered this by now. Your education gave you a foundation for the job, but growth happens in the trenches. Maybe you motivated your team not just to meet the new deadline, but to deliver extraordinary work. Perhaps you realized you had more poise than you ever expected in a client situation. Or, you suddenly discovered that you can capitalize on the relationships you’ve built and become a “rainmaker” for your organization. Before you can learn any of these things, you have to learn to say “Yes.” It’s okay to acknowledge the butterflies in your stomach; however, it’s not okay to let them stifle your growth.
要知道，从来没有人能够为每一种情况做好万全准备。你可能刚刚发现这一点。你的教育经历为你提供了一个工作基础，但成长往往发生在第一线。或许，你鼓励你的团队不仅按最新期限完成工作，而且表现出色。或许，你与客户共事时发现自己比以往更加镇静自若。或许，你突然发现自己能利用以往建立的人脉，开始在组织里“呼风唤雨”。在学会这些技能之前，你只能学习说“Yes”。面对机会时，感到忐忑不安是很自然的事情，但千万不要让这种情绪扼杀你的成长。
When you need help, reach out to people in your networks – that’s what they’re there for. Whether you need a confidence-boosting pep talk or advice about building your technical experience — your mentor, your colleagues, and your manager can help. You may not know how to do something today, but chances are you’re smart enough to find someone who can help you learn it. And once you do, don’t unfasten your seatbelt – there’s always going to be another challenge headed your way.
当你需要帮助时，你应该联系你的人脉资源——这正是他们存在的原因。无论你需要他人为你打气，还是想要寻求积累技术经验的建议，你的导师、同事和经理都能为你提供帮助。今天，你可能不知道如何开展某项工作，但你或许足够聪明，能够找到能帮你掌握这种技能的人。一旦你做到这一点，千万不要放松，因为前方总会有其他挑战在等待着你。
My grandmother’s favorite poem was Invictus by William Ernest Henley. My father hung a copy of it on our kitchen wall, so I grew up reading it every day: “I am the master of my fate; I am the captain of my soul.” I think the best advice I can give anyone – especially someone just starting out in business – is to embrace your role as master of your own fate. Recognize opportunities when they arise and get comfortable saying “Yes.”
我祖母最喜欢的一首诗是威廉o埃内斯特o亨利的《不可征服》（Invictus）。我父亲把这首诗挂在厨房墙壁上，所以在成长过程中，我每天都会读到它：“我，是我命运的主宰。我，是我灵魂的统帅。”我能为每个人，特别是初入职场者提供的最好建议，就是欣然接受你作为命运主宰的角色。当机会出现时，抓住机会并敢于说“Yes!”
She only learnt to walk five months ago, but 'Baby Beyoncé' is already strutting her stuff on stage at pageants.
虽然她五个月之前才刚学会走路，但是这个被人们称作“宝贝碧昂斯”的小宝宝已经开始在各种盛会的舞台上展露风采了。
Wearing a black leotard and curled hairpiece, beauty queen Bobbi Boyden shakes her hips and blows kisses to the audience as part of her routine.
这位名叫波比·博伊登的小选美冠军穿着一身黑色的连衣裤，带着鬈曲的假发，非常熟练的跳着扭臀舞，向观众们飞吻。
Her mother Stephanie Boyden, 32, says Bobbi is a 'diva' who runs to the stage when her name is called - and screams when she has to leave.
她的母亲，32岁的史蒂芬妮·博伊登称，波比非常有主角意识，听到别人叫她上台就会兴奋的跑过去，让她下台的时候就会愤怒的尖叫。
She said: 'Bobbi's like a little Beyonce, a little madam really.'
她说：”波比就像是小碧昂斯，一个小淑女。”
But her success doesn't come cheap and her mother has already spent ￡5,000 on elaborate dresses and entry fees.
但是她的成功也来之不易。精美的舞台装和参赛的全程费用已经让她母亲花费了5000英镑的费用。
'In total I've spent about ￡5,000 in three months on my three girls. One dress cost me $200 and she only wore it twice before she grew out if it - but I don't intend to lower my spending.
“在三个月里，我在我的三个女儿身上总共花费了5000英镑。有一件裙子花了我两百美元，她只穿过两次，就长高了、不合身了。——不过我不打算节制开支。”
'You can't put a price on the look on her face when she's on stage in her costumes.'
“当她穿着华丽的衣服站在舞台上，她神采奕奕的表情对我来说是无价之宝。”
'She does wear wigs and crowns and fancy dresses but I don't give her spray tans or cake her in makeup - I'll wait until she's about five for that.'
“她确实带着假发和皇冠，穿着美美的裙子，但是我不会给她用喷雾晒黑剂或者给她涂上满脸的化妆品——我会等到她五岁的时候再给她用这些。”
'For now she wears a dab of lipstick and nail varnish.'
“现在，我只给她稍微擦了点唇膏，涂了点指甲油。”
Bobbi's dad Anton, 28, admits that he had his concerns at first, but is now comfortable with Bobbi's routine.
波比的父亲，28岁的安顿，承认他一开始对波比的风格路线有所顾虑，不过现在他已经欣然接受这件事了。
Anton, who works in the military, said: 'I thought the Beyonce routine was inappropriate when Steph first told me about it, but when I saw her on the stage doing it, it worked out quite well and everyone enjoyed it.'
安顿在军队里工作。他说：“当我妻子一开始告诉我波比要走碧昂斯路线的时候，我觉得有点不太合适。可是后来我看到她在舞台上的样子，她确实很适合这种风格路线，大家都非常欣赏。”
'She enjoys it and we don't force her to do anything she doesn't want to do.'
“她自己也很喜欢。我们不会强迫她做任何她不想做的事情。”
'This child is going somewhere big, you mark my words.'
“这个孩子将来会有大成就的——记住我这句话。”
Foreign property investment by Chinese companies plunged by 84 per cent last month, as Beijing’s capital controls choked off the flow of foreign acquisitions.
随着北京方面采取的资本管制对海外收购交易起到抑制作用，1月份中国企业对海外房地产业的投资额比上年同期下降了84%。
In a bid to curb capital outflows and ease downward pressure on the renminbi, Chinese regulators have imposed a series of new restrictions on outbound dealmaking in recent months. The new curbs came after outbound investment in non-financial assets surged by 44 per cent in 2016 to a record $170bn.
近几个月，为了遏制资本外流、缓解人民币贬值压力，中国监管机构针对海外并购出台了一系列新限制措施。2016年，中国企业对外非金融类直接投资额激增44%，达到创纪录的1700亿美元。
The curbs are having an effect. Overall non-financial outbound investment fell 36 per cent in January from a year earlier to Rmb53bn ($7.8bn), the commerce ministry said on Thursday, following a 39 per cent drop in December.
限制措施开始见到成效。中国商务部周四表示，1月份中国企业对外非金融类直接投资金额同比下降了36%，至530亿元人民币（合78亿美元）。去年12月的同比降幅为39%。
The commerce ministry data showing plummeting real estate investment follows an overall 53 per cent rise last year to a record $33bn, according to separate data from JLL, a global realtor.
此前，跨国房地产经纪机构仲量联行(JLL)的数据显示，2016年全年，中国对外房地产投资额增长了53%，达到创纪录的330亿美元。
Four government agencies including the commerce ministry and the central bank said in December they would apply tighter scrutiny to "irrational" outbound deals including real estate, hotels, movie theatres, entertainment assets and sports clubs.
去年12月，包括中国商务部、中国央行在内的四个政府部门表示，将收紧对房地产、酒店、影城、娱乐业、体育俱乐部等领域的“非理性”对外投资项目的审查。
The latest commerce ministry figures do not include real estate purchases by individuals, many of whom exploit loopholes in China's capital control regime to obtain foreign currency. But the foreign exchange regulator has recently moved to close such loopholes, notably by tightening control of forex purchases by individuals, who are allowed to exchange $50,000 worth of renminbi for foreign currency each year.
中国商务部的最新数据不包含个人购买的房地产。有不少个人利用中国资本管制体系的漏洞来获取外汇。但外汇监管机构最近采取措施堵住了此类漏洞，尤其是收紧了对个人购汇的管控——按现行规定，中国公民每年可用人民币购买等值5万美元外汇。
While the currency exchange limit has not changed, individuals are now required to disclose specific details on how they will use the funds. Funds can only be used towards current account spending such as tourism and shopping, overseas study, foreign medical care and consulting services. Real estate and other investment spending are explicitly forbidden.
尽管购汇限制并未调整，但监管部门现在要求个人详细披露到底要用购得的外汇去做什么。购得的外汇只能用于旅游和购物、留学、境外求医以及咨询服务等经常项目支出。房地产和其他投资性支出属明确禁止之列。
The disclosure form also warns forex buyers that they are not allowed to exploit others’ exchange quotas. Previously, aggregating quotas from multiple individuals was a common technique that grey-market money changers used to obtain large sums of foreign exchange.
披露表格还警告购汇者不得使用其他人的购汇额度。以前，灰色市场的货币兑换者经常把多个个人的购汇额度汇集起来，靠这种手段来获取大量外汇。
China’s exports and imports suffered larger-than-expected drops in the first month of this year in both renminbi- and dollar-denominated terms.
今年第一个月，不论以人民币还是以美元计，中国出口和进口都出现了大于预期的跌幅。
Exports fell 6.6 per cent year-on-year in January to Rmb1.14tn, following a 2.3 per cent gain in December. Economists expected a gain of 3.6 per cent. It was the biggest fall in exports since an 8.9 per cent drop in July last year.
1月份出口同比下滑6.6%至1.14万亿元人民币，而此前在去年12月份则曾增长2.3%。经济学家原本预计会增长3.6%。这是自去年7月下滑8.9%以来，出口出现的最大跌幅。
The drop was even more pronounced measured in US dollars, with exports crashing 11.2 per cent year-on-year last month to $177.48bn. That was from a 1.4 per cent drop in December, and versus expectations for a 1.8 per cent slide. It was the biggest drop since a 15 per cent fall in March last year.
以美元计算的话，这一跌幅就更加明显了，上个月出口同比下滑11.2%至1774.8亿美元。这一跌幅不仅超过了去年12月1.4%的跌幅，也超过了下滑1.8%的预期。这是自去年3月下滑15%以来的最大跌幅。
The import side of the equation fared worse in both renminbi- and dollar-terms.
而在进口一侧，不论以人民币还是美元计，情况都愈发糟糕。
Shipments to China cratered by 14.4 per cent year-on-year to Rmb737.5bn in January. That’s from a 4 per cent drop in December, and versus expectations for a 1.8 per cent rise.
1月份，中国的进口同比减少了14.4%，降至7375亿元人民币。大于去年12月4%的降幅，也和上升1.8%的预期不符。
In dollar terms, imports plunged 18.8 per cent last month to $114.19, from a 7.6 per cent drop in January and versus an expected drop of 3.6 per cent.
以美元计，上个月进口下跌了18.8%，跌至1141.9亿美元，跌幅超过了去年12月的7.6%，也超过了下跌3.6%的预期。
This was the biggest monthly drop in imports since last September and also means shipments have contracted year-on-year for the past 15 months straight.
这是自去年9月以来进口最大单月跌幅，也意味着中国进口已在过去15个月里连续同比收缩。
The general weakness in the renminbi, which fell 1.3 per cent in January and had weakened by 2.2 per cent in the final quarter of 2015, is likely playing a part, by making overseas goods more expensive. However, exports have yet to receive a boost from the currency’s depreciation.
这种现象部分原因可能来自人民币汇率总体的疲软，原因是这会令境外的商品变得更加昂贵。今年1月人民币汇率下跌了1.3%，而在2015年最后一个季度人民币贬值了2.2%。不过，中国的出口仍未因人民币贬值而受到提振。
China’s trade surplus grew to Rmb496.2bn last month from Rmb382.1bn in December. Economists expected it to inch higher to Rmb389bn. In dollar terms, China’s trade surplus rose to $63.29bn from $60.09 in December and versus expectations of $60.6bn.
上个月，中国贸易顺差增至4962亿元人民币，高于去年12月的3821亿元人民币。经济学家曾预计该数据将略高于3890亿元人民币。以美元计，该月中国贸易顺差从去年12月的600.9亿美元增至632.9亿美元，也超过了606亿美元的预期。
Chinese consumer prices rose in January, an encouraging sign for the world’s second largest economy in a month characterised by turbulence in its financial markets.
1月份中国居民消费价格指数(CPI)出现上涨，在本月金融市场动荡为主的背景下，该消息对于这个世界第二大经济体来说是个令人鼓舞的迹象。
The consumer price index rose by 1.8 per cent year-on-year in January, from 1.6 per cent in December 2015. However, CPI continues to trail Beijing’s target of “around 3 per cent“.
今年1月份CPI同比上涨1.8%，去年12月同比上涨为1.6%。不过该指数仍落后于北京方面“3%左右”的目标。
Analysts survey by Bloomberg expected a rise to 1.9 per cent in January.
彭博(Bloomberg)的调查分析此前预计1月份中国CPI应上升1.9%。
Producer prices, which are often regarded as a proxy for medium-term inflation, remained in negative territory, but the pace of decline improved.
工业生产者出厂价格指数(PPI)通常被认为是中期通胀的代表，该指数仍留在负值区间，但下降速度有所放慢。
The PPI fell 5.3 per cent year-on-year in January, moderating from December’s -5.9 per cent pace. PPI has remained in negative territory since March 2012, reaching a low of -5.9 per cent for the five consecutive months since August 2015.
1月份PPI同比下跌5.3%，跌速比去年12月的负5.9%有所放缓。自2012年3月起，中国PPI一直留在负值区间，去年8月起连续5个月位于负5.9%的低点。
Ahead of the release, economists at ANZ said they expected inflation to pick up in January owing to rising food prices, and the low commodity prices would weigh on the CPI.
在此次数据发布前，澳新银行(ANZ)经济学家表示他们预计1月份通胀将回暖，原因是粮食价格上涨，此外他们预计商品价格走低也会对CPI造成影响。
Plastic surgery has long been big business in the US, but now the trend is sweeping across Asia.
整形美容长期以来一直在美国盛行，而如今这个潮流正席卷亚洲。
Figures released by the International Society of Aesthetic Plastic Surgery (ISAPS), suggest that when population is taken into account, South Korea is now the world's largest market for cosmetic procedures.
国际美容整形外科学会发布的数据显示，若考虑人口因素，韩国现在是全世界整形美容业最大的市场。
In a bid to change their looks, 20 percent of women between the ages of 19 and 49 in Seoul, the country's capital city, admitted they had gone under the knife.
在韩国首都首尔，20%年龄介于19到49岁的女性承认她们为了改变样貌，接受过美容整形手术。
The most popular surgical procedures include double eyelid surgery - which reduces excess skin in the upper eyelid to make the eyes appear bigger, lipoplasty - which uses high-frequency sound waves to eliminate fat - and nose jobs.
最流行的整形手术包括双眼皮手术——通过减少上眼睑多余的皮肤来使双眼看起来更大，抽脂手术——运用高频声波来减肥，以及鼻子整形手术。
While on the nonsurgical front, Botox and laser hair removal remain firm favourites.
而在非手术整形中，注射肉毒杆菌和激光脱毛依然是最受欢迎的。
Overall more than 5.8 million enhancements were performed in Asia during 2010, while just over 4.5 million procedures were carried out in the US the Economist revealed.
《经济学人》的数据显示，在2010年，亚洲的整形手术总量超过了580万例，而在美国这个数字仅为450万多一点。
It is believed that the rise of South Korea's pop music industry is behind the boom, and many patients visit clinics with photos of celebrities, asking surgeons to emulate nose angle or eyes.
许多人认为韩国流行音乐产业的崛起是这个整容热潮背后的原因，许多人带着明星的照片来到整形医院，要求仿照明星的鼻型或眼睛来整容。
One of the country's largest clinics, JK Plastic Surgery Center founded by Joo Kwon, recently opened a hotel to better serve customers, who spend an average of $17,675 during a single visit.
韩国最大的整形医院之一，由权株创立的JK整形手术中心，近期开了一家旅馆来更好地服务顾客。这些顾客每次看病人均花费17675美元。
An increasing amount of clients are non-Koreans, from China, Japan, the Middle East and even Africa, and ministers believe medical tourism will help boost the Korean economy.
急增的整形顾客中很多并不是韩国人，他们来自中国、日本、中东甚至非洲。韩国部长们认为医疗旅游将有助于推动韩国经济发展。
However Mr Kwon warned that young people should be cautious when seeking such operations.
但是，权先生警告年轻人在欲进行手术时应三思。
'I think South Korea has a very rigorous and narrow definition of beauty because we’re an ethnically homogenous society and everyone looks pretty much the same. It is also related to low self-esteem.
他告诉记者说：“我认为，韩国对于美的定义很苛刻狭隘，因为我们是一个种族单一的国家，每个人看上去都差不多。整容也和自卑情绪有关。”
'I think the situation will somewhat moderate in future as society becomes more diverse. But it will take quite a bit of time until we get there,' he told the reporters.
“我认为随着社会变得更多元化，未来这个情况会在一定程度上得到改善。不过这需要一定的时间。”
Last year, the Education Ministry issued a booklet warning Korean high school students of 'plastic surgery syndrome', citing Michael Jackson and a local woman whose addiction to plastic surgery left her with a grotesquely swollen face.
去年，韩国教育部发布了一本手册就整形手术综合症对韩国高中生发出了警告，引用了迈克尔?杰克逊以及一个韩国女性因对整形上瘾导致脸部怪异浮肿的案例。
Adding to the growing literature of sell-side analysts who think the answer to Apple's (AAPL) market valuation woes (down 35% since September) is a low-cost iPhone, MorganStanley's Katy Huberty has looked at China, the world's largest smartphone market, and done the math.
苹果（Apple）正面临着市值跳水的窘境，苹果股价从去年9月至今已下跌了35%。众多卖方分析师纷纷献计献策，现在甚至有人建议苹果推出廉价iPhone。摩根士丹利（Morgan Stanley）公司的凯蒂?休伯蒂对中国这一全球最大的智能手机市场进行了分析，并给大家算了一笔账。
She made several points in a note to clients Tuesday that struck me as new:
周二，她在给客户的一封信里提出了下面几个观点，令我耳目一新：
Contrary to the consensus view -- which assumes that smartphones in China will only get cheaper -- she cites research showing that the average selling price stablized last yearand has actually started to increase as Chinese users trade up to higher-quality smartphones.
人们大多认为，中国的智能手机只会越来越便宜。与此相反，她援引一些研究结果，表明去年中国智能手机的平均售价趋于稳定。同时随着中国用户开始购买品质更好的智能手机，售价实际上已开始走高。
That Apple could launch a 2,000 yuan ($330) iPhone mini and be competitive with flagship products from Lenovo, Huawei, ZTE and Coolpad.
苹果公司可以推出一款售价2,000元人民币（330美元）的迷你iPhone，这样就能和联想（Lenovo）、华为（Huawei）、中兴（ZTE）和酷派（Coolpad）的旗舰产品相抗衡了。
That even at a lower profit margin (say, 40%) and a 1/3 cannibalization rate (i.e. customers buy one third fewer full-priced iPhones), the cheaper iPhone would increase Apple'srevenue and gross profits (see her spreadsheet above).
就算利润率更低（比如40%），并且替代率为1/3（即全价iPhone的客户流失三分之一），低价iPhone也能提高苹果的营收和毛利润（见上表）。
That an iPhone mini and a LTE license from the Chinese government this year or next could finally persuade China Mobile (CHL), with 700 million subscribers, to cut a deal with Apple.
推出迷你iPhone后，加上中国今年或明年颁发LTE执照，就能最终说服拥有7亿用户的中国移动（China Mobile）和苹果签约。
If all this comes to pass, Huberty estimates that Apple's addressable smartphone market in China, which had dwindled to 10%, could triple to nearly 30%.
如果上述情况都变成现实，休伯蒂估计苹果在中国智能手机市场上已跌至10%的份额将会提高三倍，达到近30%。
This assumes, of course, that Apple can find a way to build a $330 iPhone with cheaper parts, a slower processor, a lower resolution screen and perhaps a plastic body, thatisn't, in the phrase Tim Cook used at a Goldman Sachs conference last week, "a crappy product."
当然，这得取决于苹果是否能设法用更便宜的零部件、更慢的处理器、分辨率更低的屏幕、以及也许是塑料机身来造出一部330美元的iPhone。而用蒂姆?库克上周在高盛公司（Goldman Sachs）一次会议上的话说，它决不能是个“低劣产品”。
Rare pictures have been released showing the ancient sex toys that once belonged to the Chinese royals and aristocrats.
珍贵的照片显示了古老的性玩具曾经属于中国皇室和贵族。
The two pleasure devices both made of bronze date back more than 2000 years to China's Han Dynasty (206 BC–220 AD).
两乐设备是青铜做的可以追溯到2000多年前中国的汉朝（公元前206年–公元220）。
They were discovered in the modern-day Jiangsu Province near Shanghai inside the ancient tombs belonging to the rich and powerful.
在如今的江苏省境内的贵族古墓里找到的。
One of the two artefacts which has a metal ring attach to it was discovered in the Yizheng city in western Jiangsu.
其中有铁环的那一个是在江苏西部的仪征市发现的。
It was unearthed by archaeologists in 2012 and has since been kept at the Yizheng Museum. It is not shown to the public.
此器于2012年由考古学家发掘出土，此后一直保存在仪征博物馆，未向对外展示。
A member of staff at the Yizheng Museum told MailOnline that the bronze item had been found inside the tomb of an aristocrat in the West Han Dynasty (206 BC–8 AD) the first part of the Han Dynasty.
仪征博物馆的工作人员告诉每日邮报电子报，这件青铜器是在西汉（公元前206年–公元8年）贵族墓中发现的。
The other sex toy apparently belonged to a Chinese imperial family.
另外一件性玩具则显然属于中国皇室。
The artefact which has a flat base was found inside an ancient tomb in the Xuyi County in western Jiangsu in 2009. It has been kept at the Nanjing Museum the capital of Jiangsu Province.
该制品有一个扁平基座，于2009年发掘自江苏西部盱眙县古墓，一直保存在江苏省省会的南京博物馆。
In 2011 the owner of the tomb was identified as Liu Fei (169BC-127BC) the first king of Jiangdu an autonomous kingdom within the Han Dynasty according to China News.
据中国新闻报道，在2011此墓主人被认定为刘非（公元前169-127），汉朝诸侯国江都第一任国君。
Liu Fei was also a half-brother of the Emperor Wu of Han who ruled from 141BC to 97BC.
刘非也是汉朝皇帝汉武帝（公元前141-97在位）的同父异母兄弟。
The two extraordinary sex toys will go on display at an upcoming exhibition at the Asian Art Museum of San Francisco in the United States.
这两个非比寻常的性玩具将在美国旧金山亚洲艺术博物馆即将举办的展览中展出。
A New York City restaurant is taking a stab at creating the most decadent pizza on the market with a pie topped in gold flakes, foie gras and even truffles.
纽约的一家餐馆正在尝试制作市面上最“腐败”的披萨，这种披萨表面覆盖了黄金薄片、鹅肝和松露。
The 24K pizza is available at Industry Kitchen, an eatery in New York City's South Street Seaport, for a whopping $2,000 and, as the name would suggest, is noted for being covered in flakes of 24-karat gold.
Industry Kitchen是位于纽约市南街海港的一间餐厅，你可以在这里购买到这款24K黄金比萨，其售价高达2000美元。顾名思义，黄金披萨因为覆盖了24k黄金金片而闻名。
All held together with imported white stilton cheese, the flakes are interspersed on the pie with dollops of Ossetra caviar from the Caspian Sea as well as truffles and Fois Gras from France.
黄金披萨中使用了进口白斯第尔顿奶酪、表面的金箔上点缀有里海俄罗斯鲟鱼子酱、法国松露和鹅肝。
Sliced into eight pieces, the pizza works out to $250 per slice, meaning it costs roughly $50 per bite.
如果将其切成八片，每片的价值就是250美元，相当于每一口大约值50美元。
Talking to Town & Country, Industry Kitchen Executive Chef Braulio Bunay said he was inspired to create the pizza by the city's Financial District, which he described as 'the epitome of decadence'.
Industry Kitchen的行政主厨布劳略?布耐对《城里城外》杂志表示，这份披萨的灵感来源于纽约的金融区，他将那里称为“堕落的缩影”。
'The pizza is extremely rich - if you're in the mood for a lavish meal, this is the pizza for you,' he said.
他说：“黄金披萨奢华至极。如果你想享受一顿奢侈大餐，那么这份披萨就是为你准备的。”
Many are less than impressed by the cheesy indulgence, with the New York Daily News speaking to one dietitian who blasted the lack of nutritional value in the pizza's most expensive ingredient: the Ecuador-imported gold flakes.
许多人对此不屑一顾，《纽约每日新闻》采访到的一位营养师声称，黄金披萨中最昂贵的成分：厄瓜多尔进口黄金薄片缺乏营养价值。
'It doesn't have carbs, fat or protein so it won't provide calories, unlike sprinkles which have sugar. It's mostly for decoration. It's tasteless,' said registered dietician Alix Turoff.
注册营养师艾利克斯?图鲁夫称：“糖屑中含有糖分，而金片与此不同，它不含碳水化合物、脂肪或蛋白质，所以不能提供热量，没有味道，主要用于装饰。”
Yet the pizza is far from the first recipe to incorporate a bit of the precious metal. Earlier this year, Bj?rn DelaCruz, the owner of Filipino restaurant the Manila Social Club, in Williamsburg, New York, created the pricey Golden Cristal Ube Donut.
不过，黄金比萨早就不是第一种加入了黄金的食物。“马尼拉社交俱乐部”是纽约威廉斯堡一家菲律宾餐厅，今年早些时候，餐厅老板Bj?rn DelaCruz制作了一款昂贵的黄金水晶宇部甜甜圈。
Topped with golden leaves and flavored with champagne, the confection was sold for $100 a pop.
这款甜点有金色叶子，以香槟调味，单价为100美元。
It’s the time of the year for list making! This Youku video clip named the nine hottest lines on China’s web this year. The Yangtze Evening Post, an influential newspaper, is the original list compiler.
又到了一年盘点的时候了，扬子晚报上传了一段名叫今年中国网络九条最热流行语的视频，盘点了如下几条流行语。
According to the list, ge (哥, older brother, big brother) is without doubt the hottest net word of the year. Both of the top two cited lines use the word. In Chinese, ge here is used more like the first person pronoun (like the English, “Can a brother get a break?”)
根据这个盘点，“哥”无疑是今年网上最流行的词。最热的两条流行语都提到了“哥”。在汉语里，这个“哥”被用来指代自己。
1. What big brother is eating isn’t noodles, but loneliness.
1.哥吃的不是面，是寂寞。
It’s ironic that in a country as populous as China, a meme about loneliness would be so popular. This seemingly irrational line has been repeated in every possible permutation, on every possible occasion, e.g. “What big brother is reading not a book, but loneliness.”
像中国人口这么多的国家，关于寂寞的病毒式模仿会这么流行实在是件很讽刺的事情。这句看上去很无厘头的话被用在了所有可能搭配的排列中，用在了所有场合，比如，“哥看的不是书，是寂寞。”
201001/93691.shtml
2. Don’t fantasize about big brother: I am only legend.
2.别迷恋哥，哥只是个传说。
The most popular variation of this line is “Don’t fantasize about big sister: I am only legend.”
这句话最流行的变体是“别迷恋姐，姐只是个传说。”
201001/93691.shtml
3. Jia Junpeng, your mom wants you to go home for dinner.”
3.贾君鹏，你妈妈喊你回家吃饭。
If you haven’t heard about this, you probably haven’t been on the Chinese Internet in the last year. This simple line was left on a World of Warcraft BBS, and somehow — some are claiming it was an online agency stunt and was helped along — managed to attract over 7.1 million views and 300,000 comments in just the first 24 hours.
如果你没听过这句话，你去年绝对没上过中文网。这句简单的话是留在魔兽BBS上的，不知道什么原因——有说法是有网络公司是幕后推手——这句话吸引了710万人点击，在发布后24小时内产生了30万条评论。
201001/93691.shtml
4. We can’t go into detail on this matter.
4. 这事儿不能说太细。
This quote is the only one picked for the list that didn’t come originally from the Web, but rather from the real world. A government official evading a journalist’s persistent question about the annual total of car loans repaid in Tianjin simply said, “We can’t go into detail on this matter,” which apparently Netizens found really laughable.
这句话是唯一来自现实世界而不是网络的。一位政府官员在回答《焦点访谈》记者“天津市每年要偿还公路建设的贷款量有多大”的问题时，回答到“这事儿不能说太细”，网民们觉得这句话很有意思，于是流传甚广。
The rest of them, he goes over quickly:
剩下的流行语，我们列在这里：
201001/93691.shtml
5. Life is like a coffee table: it’s got tea sets and dinnerware all over it. (beiju, 杯具, is a homophone for tragedy, 悲剧, and dinnerware, canju, 餐具, a homophone for disaster, 惨剧).
5. 生活就像一个茶几，上面摆满了杯具和餐具。（杯具是“悲剧”的同音词，餐具是“惨剧”的同音词。）
201001/93691.shtml
6. It’s not that the story ended badly; it’s that we expect too much of the story.
6.不是故事的结局不够好，而是我们对故事要求太多。
201001/93691.shtml
7. Love is like two people holding two ends of a rubber band: it’s always the one who doesn’t let go who gets hurt more.
7.爱情就像两个人拉橡皮筋，受伤的总是不愿意放手的那一个。
201001/93691.shtml
8. A lovely flower doesn’t belong to the one who appreciates it, but to the dunghill it grows on. (“To stick a lovely flower in the dunghill” is a popular Chinese saying, normally used to describe the common social phenomenon of a pretty girl marrying an ugly but rich guy).
8.鲜花往往不属于赏花人，而属于牛粪。
201001/93691.shtml
每天向大家推送短小精悍的英语学习资料.
添加方式1.扫描上方可可官方微信二维码。
添加方式2.搜索微信号ikekenet添加即可。
10. The difference between a lie and a promise is that the believer of a lie is the listener and the believer of a promise is the speaker.
10.谎言和誓言的区别在于，一个是听的人当真了，一个是说的人当真了。
201001/93691.shtml重点单词
查看全部解释
mass
[m?s]
想一想再看
n. 块，大量，众多
adj. 群众的，大规模
circulation
[.s?:kju'lein]
想一想再看
n. 流通，循环，发行量，消息传播
联想记忆
X
单词circulation 联想记忆：
circulate圆，环+ion→发生，流通
undeniable
[.?ndi'nai?bl]
想一想再看
adj. 不可否认的，无可辩驳的
demographic
[.di:m?'gr?fik]
想一想再看
adj. 人口统计学的
联想记忆
X
单词demographic 联想记忆：
demo人民+-ic…的]→人口统计的
fare
[f]
想一想再看
n. 路费，食物
vi. 过活，进展，进食
联想记忆
X
单词fare 联想记忆：
回忆：fanfare（n 夸耀）
popular
['p?pjul?]
想一想再看
adj. 流行的，大众的，通俗的，受欢迎的
联想记忆
X
单词popular 联想记忆：
popul人民+ar…的→流行的
headway
['hedwei]
想一想再看
n. 前进，航行速度，进展，（前后两车间的）车间时距
director
[di'rekt?, dai'rekt?]
想一想再看
n. 董事，经理，主管，指导者，导演
allure
[?'lju?]
想一想再看
v. 引诱，吸引
n. 诱惑力，吸引力
联想记忆
X
单词allure 联想记忆：
lure＝bait诱饵－引诱（lure读：6饵，用6个诱饵引诱）
unique
[ju:'ni:k]
想一想再看
adj. 独一无二的，独特的，稀罕的
联想记忆
X
单词unique 联想记忆：
uni一个，que表形容词－独特的
英语中,男女用语的7个大不同
语言本是人们沟通的工具，没有性别之分，但由于男女的社会分工、性格特色、生理特点不同，每一种语言都深深地打上了性别的烙印。在国外，有部分社会语言学家，专门研究语言
时间：2010-01-29 编辑：vicki
小贝现身纽约时装周 为凯特选嫁衣?
After enjoying a weekend of football in Manchester, David Beckham quickly jetted across the Pond to New York last night to spend Valentine’s Day with his p
时间：2011-02-16 编辑：beck
双语介绍《喜羊羊与灰太狼》
随着《喜羊羊与灰太狼》大电影第二部《喜羊羊与灰太狼之虎虎生威》的上映，这部空前火爆的国产动画再度成为众人关注的焦点。你知道怎么用英文介绍《喜羊羊与灰太狼》么？I
时间：2010-03-14 编辑：alex
新年英文祝福语大全
新年英文祝福语大全Best wishes for the year to come! 恭贺新禧！ Good luck in the year ahead! 祝吉星高照！ May you come into a good fortune! 恭喜发财！ Live long
时间：2010-01-26 编辑：vicki
[娱乐时尚] Chanel,Now and Then 香奈儿的现在与
翻译:译言网虽然面临全球经济衰退，但你依然能看到生生不息的Chanel，“我们依然非常赚钱，”Karl Lagerfeld坚定地说，他犀利的目光从墨镜后透射出来，好像这个事实就像埃
时间：2009-07-16 编辑：vicki
父母获得孩子尊重的7种方法
1. Discipline them: Of course disciplining our children is a given in any home. But we need to ask ourselves if we are disciplining our children properly? Who
时间：2010-03-09 编辑：vicki
《艋舺》:回味残存的青春记忆
年少轻狂时，我们事事都乐于尝试。因为觉得自己一无所有而不惧怕失去。也正因如此，我们有时会在不知不觉中走上一条不归路。 　　WE want to try a little of everything
时间：2010-03-22 编辑：vicki
"绝望主妇"伊娃与老公的性感广告宣传照
Are you looking at the clothes? Eva Longoria Parker stripped off as she posed with husband Tony to advertise the London Fog fashion line. Eva Longoria Parker s
时间：2009-10-26 编辑：vicki
Battle of the box office 电影贺岁档引发票房PK
岁末来临，二十多部影片轮番上映(hit cinema)。而今年的贺岁片大战随着《龙门飞甲》和《金陵十三钗》的上映而硝烟四起，一场票房PK战也随之拉开帷幕！December is a golde
时间：2011-12-28 编辑：Richard
年过40方当妈的女星们
Nicole Kidman had daughter Sunday Rose at age 40, with her husband, the country singer Keith Urban. 妮可·基德曼40岁时和其丈夫，乡村歌手凯斯·厄本生下女儿桑迪·
时间：2009-11-09 编辑：vicki
盘点2011秋季美剧10大最性感女性角色
With most of our favorite shows on or approaching the dreaded holiday hiatus, it's time to reflect on the women that made the fall 2011 TV season so great.
时间：2011-12-27 编辑：Jasmine
双语:明星纹身爱用拉丁语 粉丝追捧学语言
Celebrity Latin tattoos may be fuelling a revival of the ancient language in schools, it emerged today。　　明星们的拉丁语纹身引发了一阵学习拉丁语的热潮。
时间：2010-09-19 编辑：beck
贾斯汀·比伯成全美音乐奖最大赢家
Justin Bieber was the big winner of the evening at the American Music Awards last night, taking home four accolades including Favorite Pop/Rock Male Artist, Fa
时间：2010-11-24 编辑：beck
娱乐前沿:好莱坞甜美"星二代"
Celebritites always seem to have a better life than the rest of us;nicer house,cooler cars and even cuter children.Just look at these pictures of Shiloh Jolie-
时间：2011-06-02 编辑：beck
什么温度的葡萄酒最好喝(图)
I have never ordered an ice bucket for my red wine. In fact, come to think of it, I have never ordered an ice bucket for white wine, Champagne or dessert wine.
时间：2010-05-31 编辑：francie
明星们的尴尬走光
Singer Susan Boyle came undone -- literally, when her trousers popped open at a soccer match as she waved a Celtic fan above her head in Scotland. The "Britain
时间：2009-11-19 编辑：vicki
历届“邦女郎”性感比拼
到现在第22部007系列片已经登场，邦女郎角色变迁，不过有一点我们可以肯定，无论007电影怎么拍，邦女郎总会漂亮性感、聪明高贵而且越来越有内涵。这是007电影过去、现在乃
时间：2009-10-21 编辑：sunny
凯特哈德森接受ELLE专访谈感情
Kate Hudson spoke to British Elle magazine exclusively for this interview。 　　凯特·哈德森接受了英国ELLE杂志对她的独家专访。Does actress Kate Hudson know wha
时间：2009-11-11 编辑：vicki
明星大撞衫 看谁更好看(二)
Rihanna vs. Rosario Dawson Both stars wore this long satin Dolce & Gabanna dress in different colors. 　　蕾哈娜和罗莎里奥·道森都穿了这件款式一致颜色不同的D&G
时间：2009-10-29 编辑：vicki
优雅女人要知道的4个养花小诀窍
Slice stems at a 45 degree angle.This leaves a larger exposed area so blossoms can absorb as much water as possible, and also allows stems to stand on point, s
时间：2010-02-24 编辑：vicki
Ariel Foxman In Style
While newcomer to the list Ariel Foxman, who was appointed managing editor at Time Inc.’s In Style in September 2008, isn’t a regular on a television show as of yet, his fashion director Hal Rubenstein is now a judge onLifetime’s Blush: The Search for the Next Great Make-up Artist. And Foxman’s publication led the way in number of advertising pages, boasting over 1,000 during the first half of 2009.
7. 阿里尔·福克斯曼《型时代》
尽管在2008 年9 月被任命为美国时代华纳集团旗下《型时代》杂志总编辑的阿里尔·福克斯曼是榜单新人，很少参加电视节目，但他的时尚总监哈尔·鲁本斯坦现在是美国“一生” 女性频道《幻彩魔刷：寻找下一个化妆大师》节目的评委。福克斯曼的刊物在广告页数上领先，据称在2009 年上半年总计超过1000 页。
《暮光之城》众星前照令人大跌眼镜
Fans of Twilight will finally get to see how the wedding, honeymoon, and birth scenes play out with the release of Breaking Dawn Part 1. But before you catch R
时间：2011-12-06 编辑：Jasmine
台湾电影无缘2012奥斯卡最佳外语片
East Asia's cinephiles won't have a local favorite to cheer during this year's foreign-language Academy Awards race after the Taiwan epic 'Warr
时间：2012-02-02 编辑：Jasmine
"史上最短的明星婚姻"大盘点
The Lord of the Rings trilogy. The amount of time before I need an oil change. My cell phone's battery charge. What do all of these things have in common? The
时间：2011-11-03 编辑：Lily
双语:明星纹身爱用拉丁语 粉丝追捧学语言
Celebrity Latin tattoos may be fuelling a revival of the ancient language in schools, it emerged today。　　明星们的拉丁语纹身引发了一阵学习拉丁语的热潮。
时间：2010-09-19 编辑：beck
英国新人结婚模仿“怪物史瑞克”(图)
Tracey and Viv Williams, a British couple, dressed as the green cartoon ogres from Shrek at their wedding held recently. Tracy, 33, made a lovely Princess Fion
时间：2010-05-17 编辑：francie
据"可信证据"流行小天王Justin Bieber当爸爸了!
There is "credible evidence" Justin Bieber fathered a child after a backstage encounter with an older female fan, her lawyers have claimed. 一名女性的律师声称
时间：2011-11-04 编辑：Lily
Justin Bieber剃发募捐 集得4万美金
Justin Bieb er just made tens of thousands of more dollars -- from his hair. The 'Baby' singer's locks sold on eBay yesterday with a final bid of $40,688.
时间：2011-03-08 编辑：beck
伊丽莎白?泰勒和理查德?伯顿的爱情之
"Has anybody ever told you that you're a very pretty girl?" With these words to his co-star Elizabeth Taylor on the set of the 1963 movie Cleopatra, Richard Bu
时间：2011-03-28 编辑：beck
让爱情多姿多彩:荷兰培育出彩虹玫瑰(图)
Red ones mean passion and romance, yellow ones speak of friendship, and pink can express your thanks.红玫瑰代表热情和浪漫，黄玫瑰象征友谊，粉玫瑰则表达谢意。If
时间：2010-06-03 编辑：francie
郑中基和蔡卓妍:手原来是离婚
CELEBRITY couple Ronald Cheng and Charlene Choi, who announced their separation earlier, are actually getting a divorce。　　明星情侣郑中基和蔡卓妍，早先宣布二
时间：2010-03-31 编辑：vicki
娱乐时尚:性感林赛罗韩大"血拼"
Bra discussions: Lindsay Lohan discusses her lingerie needs with a sales assistant in the Naked store in SoHo, New York on Tuesday .　　来！内衣分析一下：周二在
时间：2009-09-16 编辑：vicki
《人物》评选的电影史上35位美人(1)
No.35 娜塔丽·波特曼娜塔丽·波特曼（Natalie Portman ，1981年6月9日－），出生在以色列，美国好莱坞著名女演员之一。她曾获得过金球奖，并获得奥斯卡奖提名。美国哈佛
时间：2009-10-22 编辑：vicki
SAVANNAH, GA.
佐治亚州萨凡纳市(SAVANNAH, GA.)
WHAT: A riverfront contemporary with three bedrooms and three and a half bathrooms
待售房产：一栋带有三间卧室和三间半浴室的河滨当代住宅
HOW MUCH: $1,975,000
价格：197.5万美元(约合人民币1226万元)
SIZE: 6,364 square feet
大小：6364平方英尺(约591平方米)
PRICE PER SQUARE FOOT: $310
每平方英尺单价：310美元（每平方米约合人民币2.1万元）
SETTING: This house is on Modena Island, about 20 miles from downtown Savannah. According to the listing agent, the community is gated and has about 20 houses sited amid live oaks and saltwater marshes. Modena Island is a part of Skidaway Island, which has an oceanography research facility operated by the University of Georgia and a large state park.
周边环境：这栋房屋坐落在摩德纳岛(Modena Island)，距萨凡纳市中心大约20英里（约32公里）。据该房源的代理人说，该社区设有门禁，在栎树丛与咸水湿地之间坐落着大约20栋房屋。摩德纳岛是斯基达韦岛(Skidaway Island)的一部分，岛上有一座由佐治亚大学的海洋学研究所和一座大型州立公园。
INDOORS: The two-story stucco contemporary was built in 2005. The interior is an airy open space; white walls contrast with red tile floors. Walls of sliding glass doors face live oaks and marshland on the Wilmington River.
室内环境：这栋灰泥粉饰的两层楼当代住宅建于2005年。屋内是通风的开敞式空间设计；白色墙壁与红色瓷砖地面形成了对比。屋内有几扇推拉门正对着威尔明顿河(Wilmington River)边的栎树林和湿地。
Common areas include two living rooms, both with walls of glass opening to a patio and an in-ground pool. Ceilings rise as high as 28 feet; doors throughout are Spanish cedar. Among the stainless-steel kitchen appliances are a Fisher & Paykel range and two Sub-Zero refrigerators, as well as steel cabinets and sinks. A breakfast bar separates the kitchen from the dining area, which also opens to the patio and pool.
屋内的公共区域包括了两间起居室，室内有几面玻璃墙，可通往一处露台和一座入地式游泳池。房屋中天花板的高度为28英尺（约8.5米）；所有房门都是用西班牙雪松木做的。厨房里的不锈钢电器包括一台斐雪派克(Fisher & Paykel)的炉灶和两台Sub-Zero的冰箱，还有不锈钢的橱柜和水槽。厨房与进餐区之间由一个早餐吧台分开，这间餐厅也通往露台和游泳池。
Bedrooms are up a curving staircase. A loft-like library overlooks the central atrium. Walls of glass in the master suite and its en-suite bathroom take in acres of marshland. The suite opens to a sun deck on the water side of the house. Both other bedrooms also have en-suite bathrooms. The lower level is finished as a gym, with a half bath and a garage with space for several cars.
走上一段旋转楼梯就是几间卧室。中间有一处阁楼式的书房俯瞰着中庭。主卧套间和配套的浴室内有几面玻璃墙可以观赏数英亩湿地的景色。这个套间通往该房屋临水一侧的一个阳光平台。另外两间卧室也带有配套的浴室。底层已全部装修，用作健身房，并带有一间无洗浴功能的卫生间和一间可停放几辆车的车库。
OUTDOOR SPACE: The property is just shy of an acre and a half.
户外空间：该房产占地面积接近1.5英亩（约6070平方米）。
TAXES: Approximately $16,866 in 2014
税：2014年约为16866美元（约合人民币10.8万元）
CONTACT: Staci Donegan and Peter Westley, Celia Dunn Sotheby’s International Realty, (912) 247-2052 / (912) 660-5169; celiadunnsir.com
联系方式:Staci Donegan and Peter Westley, Celia Dunn Sotheby’s International Realty, (912) 247-2052 / (912) 660-5169; celiadunnsir.com
STONINGTON, CONN.
康涅狄格州斯托宁顿(STONINGTON, CONN.)
WHAT: A Greek Revival with four bedrooms and four and a half bathrooms
待售房产：一栋带有四间卧室与四间半浴室的希腊复兴式房屋
HOW MUCH: $2,050,000
价格：205万美元（约合人民币1312万元）
SIZE: 3,073 square feet
大小：3073平方英尺（约286平方米）
PRICE PER SQUARE FOOT: $667
每平方英尺单价：667美元（每平方米约合人民币4.6万元）
SETTING: Stonington is on Little Narragansett Bay in southeastern Connecticut, about an hour by car from Hartford and Providence, R.I., and three hours from New York City. Once a busy harbor with a long maritime history, the town remains home to a commercial fishing fleet, several historic districts of Colonial and Federal houses and a healthy sailing community. There’s a small public beach at the tip of town and another, much larger one in Watch Hill, R.I., about a 20-minute drive away. This Greek Revival house, with the requisite Ionic columns and a fan window in its pediment, is in the center of town.
周边环境：斯托宁顿位于康涅狄格州东南部的小纳拉甘西特湾(Little Narragansett Bay)，从哈特福特(Hartford)和罗德岛的普罗维登斯(Providence, R.I.)开车约1小时可达，从纽约市开车约3小时。这里曾是一个具有悠久历史的繁忙港口，至今仍然保留着一支商业捕鱼船队，有几个分布着殖民式和联邦式建筑的历史区，以及一个繁荣的航海社区。在该镇的一端有个小型的公共海滩，而在另一端罗德岛的沃奇·希尔(Watch Hill)则有个大得多的海滩，开车大约20分钟可到。这栋希腊复兴式房屋带有此类建筑必不可少的爱奥尼亚柱和山形墙上的扇骨半圆窗，房屋就坐落在市镇中心。
INDOORS: This house was completed around 1848 and last updated in 2008. The front door has a transom and sidelights of red glass etched with a leaf motif. The first floor has a large living room with crown molding and two fireplaces, one of which warms the formal dining area. Off the living room is a family room with raised wall paneling, a wet bar and another dining area. French doors open to a slate patio. Several rooms have views of Little Narragansett Bay.
室内环境：这栋房屋在1848年前后建成，上次翻修是在2008年。房屋前门上方有一扇气窗，侧灯的红色玻璃上蚀刻有叶形花纹。屋内一楼有一间带有顶冠装饰板条和两座壁炉的大客厅，其中的一座壁炉给这间正式的餐厅区供暖。客厅外是一间家庭娱乐室，内有凸起的护壁板、一个带有水槽的吧台和另一处餐厅区。那扇法式双开门通往一处铺着石板的露台。有些房间可观赏小纳拉甘西特湾的景观。
Also on the first floor is a library with dark paneling, as well as a fireplace. The kitchen is outfitted with granite countertops, tile surrounds, stainless-steel appliances and a checkered floor. French doors open to a patio.
一楼还有一间书房，这间房有黑色的护壁板，还有一座壁炉。厨房里有花岗岩台面，四周墙面贴有瓷砖，并配了一些不锈钢的电器，地上铺着方格地板。这里的法式双开门通往一处露台。
Two bedrooms are on the second floor, including the master, which is part of a suite with a fireplace, a walk-in closet and a balcony overlooking the bay. An office down the hall also opens to the balcony. The other bedrooms are on the third floor. One overlooks the bay through the pediment’s fan window.
两间卧室位于二楼，其中包括主卧，该卧室是一个大套间的一部分，这个套间里还有一座壁炉、一间步入式衣帽间和一座可俯瞰海湾的阳台。走廊边的一间办公室也通往这座阳台。其他的卧室都在三楼。其中有一间可通过山墙上的扇骨半圆窗俯瞰海湾。
OUTDOOR SPACE: Steps down from the patio is a walled garden with a lawn and a fountain. The property is 0.10 acre.
户外空间：从这座露台往下走几步就是一座带有草坪和喷泉、围着围墙的花园。这处房产面积0.10英亩（约405平方米）。
TAXES: Approximately $18,036 a year
税：每年大约18036美元（约合人民币11.5万元）。
CONTACT: Kathy Michalove, Seaboard Properties, (860) 535-8364; seaboardpropertiesre.com
联系方式：Kathy Michalove, Seaboard Properties, (860) 535-8364; seaboardpropertiesre.com
MINNEAPOLIS
明尼阿波利斯(MINNEAPOLIS)
WHAT: A house with three bedrooms, two full bathrooms and two half-bathrooms
待售房产：一栋带有三间卧室、两间全功能浴室和两间半功能浴室的房屋
HOW MUCH: $1,975,000
价格：197.5万元（约合人民币1264万元）
SIZE: 5,003 square feet total
大小：5003平方英尺（约465平方米）
PRICE PER SQUARE FOOT: $395
每平方英尺单价：395美元（每平方米约合人民币2.7万元）
SETTING: This house is in Kenwood, a neighborhood of 19th- and 20th-century Tudors, Mediterraneans, Victorians and colonial-style houses between Cedar Lake and Lake of the Isles, in the city’s Chain of Lakes. Roads are curving; sidewalks are lined with maple and ash trees. According to the listing agent, many of the neighborhood’s older houses have been restored, while houses built within the last 30 years have been torn down and replaced.
周边环境：这栋房屋位于Kenwood社区，该社区分布着19至20世纪的都铎式、地中海式、维多利亚式和殖民地风格的建筑，在明尼阿波利斯市湖链区(Chain of Lakes)的锡达湖(Cedar Lake)与群岛湖(Lake of the Isles)之间。这里的道路蜿蜒曲折；人行道两边排列着枫树和白蜡树。据该房源的代理说，该社区许多较老的房屋都已翻修过，而近30年内建造的房屋都推倒重建了。
A network of walking and biking trails leads to other lakeside neighborhoods and to downtown, which is about 15 minutes by bicycle and 10 by car. The Walker Art Center and other museums are nearby. Hockey and skating are popular on the lakes in winter; canoeing, swimming and fishing in the summer.
这里有一些散步和骑行的小径可通往其他的湖滨社区以及市中心，骑车去市中心15分钟可达，开车10分钟。附近有步行者艺术中心(Walker Art Center)和几座博物馆。冬天湖上很多人玩冰球和滑冰运动；夏天则流行划独木舟、游泳和钓鱼。
INDOORS: The two-story house, of brick and stucco with a ceramic tile roof, was designed by Dorr & Dorr, completed in 1916 and renovated over the last 15 years. The style is part Prairie, part Arts and Crafts, employing clean lines, open space, elegant woodwork and colored glass. Renovations were done by Joseph Metzler of Sala Architects in Minneapolis.
室内环境：这栋砖砌结构、灰泥粉饰并铺着瓷砖屋顶的两层楼房屋由Dorr & Dorr公司设计，于1916年完工，近15年内曾经翻修。该房屋采用了半牧场、半工匠艺术的设计风格，运用了简洁的线条、开敞式空间、典雅的木制品和彩色玻璃等设计。翻修工程由明尼阿波利斯市Sala建筑公司的约瑟夫·麦茨勒(Joseph Metzler)完成。
The house is on a slight hill above the street. Its entry is a large glassed porch with a brick floor and walls of windows facing the lake. The renovation preserved coffered ceilings and the abundant use of wood in the original part of the house. The floor plan is open, and nearly every room has views of the lake through picture windows.
这栋房屋坐落在街道上的一处小山丘上。房屋的入口处是一个大玻璃门廊，有砖砌的地面和对着湖的玻璃窗墙。翻修工程保留了花格镶板的天花板和原建筑部分大量运用的木材。其布局规划是开敞式设计，几乎每个房间都可以从观景窗看见湖景。
The kitchen addition, about 40 feet long, was designed to be in keeping with the original house, with intricate ceiling woodwork and several colored-glass panels by Century Studios, a Minneapolis company that secured its glass from the Chicago manufacturer used by Frank Lloyd Wright. Stainless-steel appliances include a five-foot-wide range and a Sub-Zero refrigerator. The dining area opens to a back patio through 10-foot-tall glass doors.
这间增加的厨房大约40英尺长(约12米)，风格与原建筑保持一致，内有复杂的天花板木制结构和几处由世纪工作室(Century Studios)设计的彩色玻璃板，该工作室是明尼阿波利斯市的一家公司，其玻璃确保来自弗兰克·劳埃德·赖特(Frank Lloyd Wright)曾指定的那家芝加哥制造商。厨房里的不锈钢电器包括一台五英尺宽（约1.5米）的炉灶和一台Sub-zero的冰箱。餐厅区经由10英尺高（约3米）的玻璃门通往屋后的一处露台。
Also downstairs, there’s an octagonal den with a barrel-vaulted ceiling, walls of glass and a built-in bench seat. The room is wired for surround sound. The three bedrooms are upstairs; all have lake views.
楼下还有一间八边形的小房间，内有筒形穹顶天花板，几面玻璃墙和一条嵌壁式长凳座椅。这个房间配备了环绕立体声。三间卧室都在楼上，全都带有湖景。
OUTDOOR SPACE: The house is on a fifth of an acre, landscaped by the New York firm Landgarden. The Japanese-style gardens in front make use of native plants. There’s also a back patio and yard, with a second Japanese garden.
户外空间：这栋房屋占地面积五分之一英亩（约809平方米）由纽约公司Landgarden负责景观设计。房屋前面的这座日式花园中采用了当地的植物。这栋房屋后面还有一处露台和院子，那里还有一座日式花园。
TAXES: Approximately $41,684 a year
税：每年大约41684美元（约26.7万元）
CONTACT: Debbie McNally, Lakes Sotheby’s International Realty, (612) 388-1790; debbiemcnally.com
联系方式:Debbie McNally, Lakes Sotheby’s International Realty, (612) 388-1790; debbiemcnally.com
Data released by the UK National Health Service last year on patient admissions revealed an alarming rise in various nutritional and communicable diseases in the past decade.
英国国家卫生署去年公布的入院患者的数据显示，各种各样的营养性疾病和传染性疾病在过去十年来以惊人的速度增长着。
The infectious disease known as scarlet fever famously reached pandemic proportions in the 19th century, striking down the young and the weak across the Western world.
被称为红热病的传染病在20世纪盛行，击溃了当时西方国家的幼儿们和体弱者。
Recent years have seen a return of the bacterial infection, reaching numbers not seen since the 1960s, with admissions for a primary diagnosis more than doubling between 2010/11 and 2017/18, from 429 to more than 1,300.
近些年来，细菌感染卷土重来，受害者达到了自1960s以来从所未见的最高值，初步确诊者的人数从429跃升至1300多人，从2011年到2017年期间的感染人数翻了两倍不止。
Just as shocking was the 59 percent rise in whooping cough, a disease that was all but wiped out more than half a century ago by comprehensive immunisation programs.
同样令人震惊的是百日咳的发病率上升了59%，而百日咳是一种半个世纪前的综合免疫接种计划没能彻底消灭的疾病。
At the same time, entries for gout jumped by just over a third – a disease associated with "ease and comfort" in Victorian London, now more likely to be linked with deprivation and lack of work.
同时，罹患痛风的人升高了大约1/3，这个病在维多利亚时期的伦敦一度被视作“富贵病”，现在更倾向于认为与缺乏锻炼有关。
The report didn't comment on potential factors influencing the numbers, but many – including members of the opposing political party – are laying the blame squarely at the feet of government cost-cutting.
这个报告没有谈到可能影响患病数量的原因，但是很多人，包括在野党的成员，归咎于政府一味缩减医疗健康成本预算。
According to an analysis carried out by the independent health charity King's Fund, successive cuts to health budgets – especially in fields of sexual health and addiction – could be expected to hit roughly ￡800 million (over US$1 billion) by 2021.
根据独立健康慈善金基金的分析，到2021年，医疗预算将持续缩减大概8亿欧元（超过10亿美金），尤其是在性健康和性传染病方面的缩减。
As impressive as those saving gains might look now, they could easily be swallowed as rising rates of illness place a greater burden on society.
尽管这笔节省下来的钱目前看来相当可观，但其实远不够填补随之而来的不断升高的患病率所增加的社会负担的窟窿。
重点单词
查看全部解释
extend
[iks'tend]
想一想再看
v. 扩充，延伸，伸展，扩展
联想记忆
X
单词extend 联想记忆：
ex出，tend伸－伸出－延长；扩大
condensed
[k?n'denst]
想一想再看
adj. 浓缩的；扼要的 vt. 浓缩（condense
sincerely
[sin'si?li]
想一想再看
adv. 真诚地，真心地
congratulate
[k?n'gr?tju.leit]
想一想再看
vt. 祝贺
prosperity
[pr?s'periti]
想一想再看
n. 繁荣，兴旺
联想记忆
X
单词prosperity 联想记忆：
源于：prosper（v 成功；兴隆）
reflection
[ri'flekn]
想一想再看
n. 反映，映像，折射，沉思，影响
联想记忆
X
单词reflection 联想记忆：
reflect反射；沉思+ion→反射；思考
lasting
['l?sti?]
想一想再看
adj. 永久的，永恒的
动词last的现在分
联想记忆
X
单词lasting 联想记忆：
源于：last（adj 最后的）
cheerfulness
想一想再看
n. 高兴；快活
remembrance
[ri'membr?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回想，记忆，纪念品
联想记忆
X
单词remembrance 联想记忆：
re再+membr[=member]记得+ance→回忆；记忆力
重点单词
查看全部解释
extend
[iks'tend]
想一想再看
v. 扩充，延伸，伸展，扩展
联想记忆
X
单词extend 联想记忆：
ex出，tend伸－伸出－延长；扩大
condensed
[k?n'denst]
想一想再看
adj. 浓缩的；扼要的 vt. 浓缩（condense
sincerely
[sin'si?li]
想一想再看
adv. 真诚地，真心地
congratulate
[k?n'gr?tju.leit]
想一想再看
vt. 祝贺
prosperity
[pr?s'periti]
想一想再看
n. 繁荣，兴旺
联想记忆
X
单词prosperity 联想记忆：
源于：prosper（v 成功；兴隆）
reflection
[ri'flekn]
想一想再看
n. 反映，映像，折射，沉思，影响
联想记忆
X
单词reflection 联想记忆：
reflect反射；沉思+ion→反射；思考
lasting
['l?sti?]
想一想再看
adj. 永久的，永恒的
动词last的现在分
联想记忆
X
单词lasting 联想记忆：
源于：last（adj 最后的）
cheerfulness
想一想再看
n. 高兴；快活
remembrance
[ri'membr?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回想，记忆，纪念品
联想记忆
X
单词remembrance 联想记忆：
re再+membr[=member]记得+ance→回忆；记忆力
重点单词
查看全部解释
extend
[iks'tend]
想一想再看
v. 扩充，延伸，伸展，扩展
联想记忆
X
单词extend 联想记忆：
ex出，tend伸－伸出－延长；扩大
condensed
[k?n'denst]
想一想再看
adj. 浓缩的；扼要的 vt. 浓缩（condense
sincerely
[sin'si?li]
想一想再看
adv. 真诚地，真心地
congratulate
[k?n'gr?tju.leit]
想一想再看
vt. 祝贺
prosperity
[pr?s'periti]
想一想再看
n. 繁荣，兴旺
联想记忆
X
单词prosperity 联想记忆：
源于：prosper（v 成功；兴隆）
reflection
[ri'flekn]
想一想再看
n. 反映，映像，折射，沉思，影响
联想记忆
X
单词reflection 联想记忆：
reflect反射；沉思+ion→反射；思考
lasting
['l?sti?]
想一想再看
adj. 永久的，永恒的
动词last的现在分
联想记忆
X
单词lasting 联想记忆：
源于：last（adj 最后的）
cheerfulness
想一想再看
n. 高兴；快活
remembrance
[ri'membr?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回想，记忆，纪念品
联想记忆
X
单词remembrance 联想记忆：
re再+membr[=member]记得+ance→回忆；记忆力
重点单词
查看全部解释
extend
[iks'tend]
想一想再看
v. 扩充，延伸，伸展，扩展
联想记忆
X
单词extend 联想记忆：
ex出，tend伸－伸出－延长；扩大
condensed
[k?n'denst]
想一想再看
adj. 浓缩的；扼要的 vt. 浓缩（condense
sincerely
[sin'si?li]
想一想再看
adv. 真诚地，真心地
congratulate
[k?n'gr?tju.leit]
想一想再看
vt. 祝贺
prosperity
[pr?s'periti]
想一想再看
n. 繁荣，兴旺
联想记忆
X
单词prosperity 联想记忆：
源于：prosper（v 成功；兴隆）
reflection
[ri'flekn]
想一想再看
n. 反映，映像，折射，沉思，影响
联想记忆
X
单词reflection 联想记忆：
reflect反射；沉思+ion→反射；思考
lasting
['l?sti?]
想一想再看
adj. 永久的，永恒的
动词last的现在分
联想记忆
X
单词lasting 联想记忆：
源于：last（adj 最后的）
cheerfulness
想一想再看
n. 高兴；快活
remembrance
[ri'membr?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回想，记忆，纪念品
联想记忆
X
单词remembrance 联想记忆：
re再+membr[=member]记得+ance→回忆；记忆力
重点单词
查看全部解释
extend
[iks'tend]
想一想再看
v. 扩充，延伸，伸展，扩展
联想记忆
X
单词extend 联想记忆：
ex出，tend伸－伸出－延长；扩大
condensed
[k?n'denst]
想一想再看
adj. 浓缩的；扼要的 vt. 浓缩（condense
sincerely
[sin'si?li]
想一想再看
adv. 真诚地，真心地
congratulate
[k?n'gr?tju.leit]
想一想再看
vt. 祝贺
prosperity
[pr?s'periti]
想一想再看
n. 繁荣，兴旺
联想记忆
X
单词prosperity 联想记忆：
源于：prosper（v 成功；兴隆）
reflection
[ri'flekn]
想一想再看
n. 反映，映像，折射，沉思，影响
联想记忆
X
单词reflection 联想记忆：
reflect反射；沉思+ion→反射；思考
lasting
['l?sti?]
想一想再看
adj. 永久的，永恒的
动词last的现在分
联想记忆
X
单词lasting 联想记忆：
源于：last（adj 最后的）
cheerfulness
想一想再看
n. 高兴；快活
remembrance
[ri'membr?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回想，记忆，纪念品
联想记忆
X
单词remembrance 联想记忆：
re再+membr[=member]记得+ance→回忆；记忆力
重点单词
查看全部解释
extend
[iks'tend]
想一想再看
v. 扩充，延伸，伸展，扩展
联想记忆
X
单词extend 联想记忆：
ex出，tend伸－伸出－延长；扩大
condensed
[k?n'denst]
想一想再看
adj. 浓缩的；扼要的 vt. 浓缩（condense
sincerely
[sin'si?li]
想一想再看
adv. 真诚地，真心地
congratulate
[k?n'gr?tju.leit]
想一想再看
vt. 祝贺
prosperity
[pr?s'periti]
想一想再看
n. 繁荣，兴旺
联想记忆
X
单词prosperity 联想记忆：
源于：prosper（v 成功；兴隆）
reflection
[ri'flekn]
想一想再看
n. 反映，映像，折射，沉思，影响
联想记忆
X
单词reflection 联想记忆：
reflect反射；沉思+ion→反射；思考
lasting
['l?sti?]
想一想再看
adj. 永久的，永恒的
动词last的现在分
联想记忆
X
单词lasting 联想记忆：
源于：last（adj 最后的）
cheerfulness
想一想再看
n. 高兴；快活
remembrance
[ri'membr?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回想，记忆，纪念品
联想记忆
X
单词remembrance 联想记忆：
re再+membr[=member]记得+ance→回忆；记忆力
重点单词
查看全部解释
extend
[iks'tend]
想一想再看
v. 扩充，延伸，伸展，扩展
联想记忆
X
单词extend 联想记忆：
ex出，tend伸－伸出－延长；扩大
condensed
[k?n'denst]
想一想再看
adj. 浓缩的；扼要的 vt. 浓缩（condense
sincerely
[sin'si?li]
想一想再看
adv. 真诚地，真心地
congratulate
[k?n'gr?tju.leit]
想一想再看
vt. 祝贺
prosperity
[pr?s'periti]
想一想再看
n. 繁荣，兴旺
联想记忆
X
单词prosperity 联想记忆：
源于：prosper（v 成功；兴隆）
reflection
[ri'flekn]
想一想再看
n. 反映，映像，折射，沉思，影响
联想记忆
X
单词reflection 联想记忆：
reflect反射；沉思+ion→反射；思考
lasting
['l?sti?]
想一想再看
adj. 永久的，永恒的
动词last的现在分
联想记忆
X
单词lasting 联想记忆：
源于：last（adj 最后的）
cheerfulness
想一想再看
n. 高兴；快活
remembrance
[ri'membr?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回想，记忆，纪念品
联想记忆
X
单词remembrance 联想记忆：
re再+membr[=member]记得+ance→回忆；记忆力
重点单词
查看全部解释
extend
[iks'tend]
想一想再看
v. 扩充，延伸，伸展，扩展
联想记忆
X
单词extend 联想记忆：
ex出，tend伸－伸出－延长；扩大
condensed
[k?n'denst]
想一想再看
adj. 浓缩的；扼要的 vt. 浓缩（condense
sincerely
[sin'si?li]
想一想再看
adv. 真诚地，真心地
congratulate
[k?n'gr?tju.leit]
想一想再看
vt. 祝贺
prosperity
[pr?s'periti]
想一想再看
n. 繁荣，兴旺
联想记忆
X
单词prosperity 联想记忆：
源于：prosper（v 成功；兴隆）
reflection
[ri'flekn]
想一想再看
n. 反映，映像，折射，沉思，影响
联想记忆
X
单词reflection 联想记忆：
reflect反射；沉思+ion→反射；思考
lasting
['l?sti?]
想一想再看
adj. 永久的，永恒的
动词last的现在分
联想记忆
X
单词lasting 联想记忆：
源于：last（adj 最后的）
cheerfulness
想一想再看
n. 高兴；快活
remembrance
[ri'membr?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回想，记忆，纪念品
联想记忆
X
单词remembrance 联想记忆：
re再+membr[=member]记得+ance→回忆；记忆力
重点单词
查看全部解释
extend
[iks'tend]
想一想再看
v. 扩充，延伸，伸展，扩展
联想记忆
X
单词extend 联想记忆：
ex出，tend伸－伸出－延长；扩大
condensed
[k?n'denst]
想一想再看
adj. 浓缩的；扼要的 vt. 浓缩（condense
sincerely
[sin'si?li]
想一想再看
adv. 真诚地，真心地
congratulate
[k?n'gr?tju.leit]
想一想再看
vt. 祝贺
prosperity
[pr?s'periti]
想一想再看
n. 繁荣，兴旺
联想记忆
X
单词prosperity 联想记忆：
源于：prosper（v 成功；兴隆）
reflection
[ri'flekn]
想一想再看
n. 反映，映像，折射，沉思，影响
联想记忆
X
单词reflection 联想记忆：
reflect反射；沉思+ion→反射；思考
lasting
['l?sti?]
想一想再看
adj. 永久的，永恒的
动词last的现在分
联想记忆
X
单词lasting 联想记忆：
源于：last（adj 最后的）
cheerfulness
想一想再看
n. 高兴；快活
remembrance
[ri'membr?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回想，记忆，纪念品
联想记忆
X
单词remembrance 联想记忆：
re再+membr[=member]记得+ance→回忆；记忆力
重点单词
查看全部解释
extend
[iks'tend]
想一想再看
v. 扩充，延伸，伸展，扩展
联想记忆
X
单词extend 联想记忆：
ex出，tend伸－伸出－延长；扩大
condensed
[k?n'denst]
想一想再看
adj. 浓缩的；扼要的 vt. 浓缩（condense
sincerely
[sin'si?li]
想一想再看
adv. 真诚地，真心地
congratulate
[k?n'gr?tju.leit]
想一想再看
vt. 祝贺
prosperity
[pr?s'periti]
想一想再看
n. 繁荣，兴旺
联想记忆
X
单词prosperity 联想记忆：
源于：prosper（v 成功；兴隆）
reflection
[ri'flekn]
想一想再看
n. 反映，映像，折射，沉思，影响
联想记忆
X
单词reflection 联想记忆：
reflect反射；沉思+ion→反射；思考
lasting
['l?sti?]
想一想再看
adj. 永久的，永恒的
动词last的现在分
联想记忆
X
单词lasting 联想记忆：
源于：last（adj 最后的）
cheerfulness
想一想再看
n. 高兴；快活
remembrance
[ri'membr?ns]
想一想再看
n. 回想，记忆，纪念品
联想记忆
X
单词remembrance 联想记忆：
re再+membr[=member]记得+ance→回忆；记忆力
1. Will China's housing prices peak in 2010?
2010年中国的房价将达到顶点？
The story of the strong V-shaped recovery of the Chinese economy this year was followed by reports of soaring housing prices in many cities.
今年中国经济成V字形强劲复苏，随之而来的是许多关于城市房价疯涨的报道。
The central government is aware of the danger of a property bubble that can inflate the national economy or even burst, derailing the ongoing economic recovery. Several policy measures have been announced to cool the red-hot real estate market. Well, how much trust do you place in government policies to control housing prices in 2010?
政府已经意识到了房地产泡沫的危险性——可能造成国民经济的通货膨胀，甚至可能因为泡沫破灭，最终导致正在复苏的经济脱离正轨。政府已经出台了相关的政策措施，给火爆的房地产市场降降温。在2010年依靠政府出台的政策来调控房价，你认为这有多靠谱？
201001/94005.shtml
2. Will China's stock market climb back to 6,000 points?
中国的股市能否重回6000点？
Will China's stock market climb back to the 6,000-point mark it reached two years ago? The stock market was at its most bullish back then, but if you ask the same question now, some would cite a global economy still reeling from a recession.
2年前中国股市突破6000点，而2010年股市能否重拾失地呢？当初中国股市行情十分被看好，但今天，如果你问同样的问题，有的人会拿全球经济说事儿——因为全球经济仍旧步履艰难。
201001/94005.shtml
3. Will Guo Jingjing, China's diving queen, get married in 2010?
跳水女皇郭晶晶2010年会否出嫁？
Guo Jingjing's alleged romance with Kenneth Fok, the grandson of late Hong Kong tycoon Henry Fok, has captured the imagination of a country that seems to have become as interested in the private lives of its athletes as in their athletic performances.
郭晶晶与霍启刚（香港近代富豪霍英东的孙子）的秘密恋情已经引起了全民的想象，人们似乎在关注运动员赛场表现之余，也愈加关心起他们的私人生活了。
Although Guo has not given any timetable for her retirement, her announcement at December's East Asian Games about a possible one-year hiatus is a clear enough signal. From all evidence, her relationship with Fok seems to have entered another stage. Unless they truly believe that the Chinese lunar calendar warns against a "widow's year" in 2010, we might well see Miss Guo become Mrs Fok.
尽管郭晶晶没有宣布自己的退役时间，但在12月份的东亚运动会上，她发表的关于有可能休战一年的声明，却又向人们透露着讯息。种种迹象表明，她与霍启刚的感情已经迈入一个新阶段。除非他们俩对中国农历里所讲的2010年是“寡妇年”这一说法深信不疑，不然我们很有能看到郭小姐变成霍太太。
201001/94005.shtml
4. Will China's one-child policy change in 2010?
2010年中国的计生政策将发生变化吗？
Many believe the population is no longer a major threat to China's resources and environment. Instead, China's population challenges have shifted to low birth rates, an aging society and a widening gender imbalance. China has already experienced a shortage of skilled workers in places like the Pearl River Delta, so it might not be long before we see major reforms.
很多人相信，对于中国资源环境来讲，人口已不再是主要威胁。相反，中国的人口危机已转变成出生率过低，社会老龄化加剧以及性别比例失衡。在中国的珠江三角洲等地已经出现了技工短缺的现象，所以不久以后，我们可能将看到计生政策上的重大变革。
201001/94005.shtml
5. Will China's migrant workers get permanent urban residence in 2010?
2010年中国农民工能否拿到城市户口？
According to the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, China's migrant workers account for around 50 percent of the labor force in industrial and related sectors. Yet they don't enjoy equal rights as city dwellers because of household registration requirements.
中国社科院表示，在中国的工业及相关领域中，农民工们提供了50%的劳动力。然而由于户籍规定，他们却无法享受到与城市居民同等的权利。
Fortunately, the rules are changing. The proposal of China's Central Economic Conference in early December to give rural residents permanent urban residency sent a strong signal. Premier Wen Jiabao's call in late December for the reform of the household registration system will surely speed up the process.
值得庆幸的是，这些户籍规定正在发生改变。12月初，在中国中央经济工作会议上，与会代表建议给予农村居民城市户口，这也强有力地证明了户籍制度正在变化。温家宝总理于12月底呼吁，应加快户籍制度改革的进程。
201001/94005.shtml
6. Will we witness another global epidemic in 2010?
2010年我们是否还会经历另一场“甲流”？
The World Health Organization this year declared H1N1 a global epidemic. Fortunately, it is much less threatening than people previously believed, and newly introduced vaccines seem to have quelled lingering fears.
今年世界卫生组织宣布H1N1型流感为全球性传染病。庆幸的是，这种病毒远没有人们最初想的那样危险，而最新面世的疫苗似乎已经平息了那弥留在人们心头久久不能散去的恐惧。
First there was SARS, then the global spread of H5N1 flu and now the H1N1 flu. Globalization is not helping, either. The earth now is truly a village, making it easy for a virus to travel from Beijing to Boston in a matter of hours. Will another epidemic arrive in 2010?
先是“非典”，接下来是全球范围的H5N1以及H1N1流感大爆发。全球化也无能为力。现在地球实际就是一个小村庄，这也使得病毒在几小时内，就能轻而易举地从北京传播到波士顿。2010我们是否会再次遭遇另一场“甲流”？
201001/94005.shtml【英文原文】
Caveat Lector! Ten Predictions for 2010
I said it last year - and I'll say it again. There is only one activity more thankless than predicting the future - and that is publicly sharing your predictions.
Judge for yourself.
Meanwhile, it's onto 2010:
AIG CEO Robert Benmosche will be voted CEO of the Year.
Benmosche's abrasive morale-building exercise at AIG will take hold. The U.S. pay czar will give Benmosche leeway on pay. And a continuing rebound in the markets will give AIG a shot at repaying a good chunk of taxpayer money.
Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman will do an about-face on the bank's 'lower risk' corporate strategy.
About now, new CEO Gorman is probably learning that the meager profits of a retail brokerage can't pay for all those monster Wall Street bonuses. Expect Gorman to decide that Morgan Stanley should be a lot more like trader Goldman Sachs, after all.
Goldman Sachs will pay out big bonuses, be publicly vilified for a month and then go quietly back to printing profits.
The U.S. Congress and the media will go berserk when Goldman announces the size of its 2009 bonus pool. But the outrage will be brief and of little lasting consequence. The 'hate Goldman Sachs' story has been running just too long.
The GM turnaround will drag on. Forget a 2010 IPO.
GM is addicted to hefty sales incentives to move the cars and new CEO Ed Whitacre knows it. In 2010, he will slash incentives and end up abandoning GM's 20% U.S. market share target to find profitability. The search will prove elusive.
Fiat will seek to renegotiate the terms of its investment in Chrysler.
With Chrysler's market share in a death spiral, Fiat will finally grasp that this dud is exactly that - a dud. By autumn, Fiat will threaten to walk away from Chrysler unless the UAW and U.S. taxpayer offer up even more concessions.
Washington's twin-obsessions in election year 2010 will be to create jobs and cut the deficit. Little will be accomplished on either count.
Congress will authorize billions more in stimulus that won't be called 'stimulus' and won't actually create jobs. And Congress will convene a bi-partisan deficit cutting commission that won't do much either. Until investors stop buying US Treasurys, why should Congress change its ways?
The story of the year will be the New York City trial of Khalid Sheik Mohammed.
The OJ Simpson trial proved that nothing gets the masses as excited as murder and celebrity. Throw in Flight 253 and the ambitions of dozens of terrorists, trial lawyers, prosecutors, politicians and aggrieved 9-11 families and you have a story that will run and run.
Final predictions: Weak economic growth will continue into 2010. By spring, the Obama White House will be forced to the political center and U.S. businesses will finally believe in a modest recovery.
Here is my best guess - and that's all it is - for how the U.S. economy and markets will look in 2010:
2010 U.S. unemployment rate (average): 10.2%
2010 S&P 500 index (year-end): 1300
2010 10-year Treasury yield (year-end): 5.0%
201001/93725.shtml
【中文译文】
我去年就说过、今年要再强调的一点是：唯一比预测未来更不招人待见的事情就是公开自己的预言。
判断权在你手里。
现在，我们来说说2010年。
美国国际集团(AIG)首席执行长本默切(Robert Benmosche)将当选年度CEO。
本默切重振公司士气的艰苦努力将取得回报。美国“薪酬沙皇”将对他网开一面。而且各个市场的持续回暖将令公司有机会偿还一大笔美国纳税人的救助资金。
摩根士丹利首席执行长戈尔曼(James Gorman)将给该行所谓“降低风险”的策略来个大掉头。
眼下，这位大摩新掌门或许意识到了来自零售经纪业务的微薄盈利还不够华尔街薪酬的血盆大口塞牙缝。预计戈尔曼会决定最终要向交易商高盛(Goldman Sachs)看齐。
高盛将大派红包，饱受各方抨击一个月，然后静悄悄地干回自己的老本行－－挣钱。
估计当高盛公布自己2009年的奖金规模时，美国国会和媒体又会气得抓狂。但这些怨气终将只是过眼云烟，改变不了什么。所谓“高盛招人恨”的故事实在是拖得太长了。
通用汽车(GM)咸鱼翻身不易，2010年举行首次公开募股一事就别惦记了。
通用汽车现在已经对挥泪大促销上瘾，新首席执行长惠塔克里(Ed Whitacre)对此心知肚明。他将在2010年取消一些购买刺激措施，以放弃全美20%市场占有率目标的方式来谋求重获盈利能力。这番求索注定是前路艰难。
菲亚特(Fiat)试图就投资克莱斯勒(Chrysler)条款重新谈判。
眼见克莱斯勒的市场份额呈现死亡式螺旋下降，菲亚特会最终认识到这个不中用的公司还真就是不中用了。预计菲亚特会在8月前扬言彻底和克莱斯勒分道扬镳，除非全美汽车工人联合会(UAW)和美国纳税人作出更多让步。
创造就业和削减赤字将成为华盛顿在2010年选举之年的孪生执念。不过，这两样一个都成不了现实。
国会将批准追加数十亿美元的刺激资金，但不会冠以“刺激”之名，也不会真正创造什么就业机会。国会将联合两党成立一个削减赤字的委员会，但同样发挥不了什么作用。既然美国国债还有投资者买，国会为什么要改弦更张？
年度故事将是纽约对911主谋穆罕默德(Khalid Sheikh Mohammed)的审判。
当年辛普森(OJ Simpson)杀妻案的审判就说明，再也没什么能比谋杀和名人的组合更能引发公众的集体亢奋了。再加上253号班机爆炸未遂案、几十个恐怖分子、审判律师、公诉人、政客以及911遇难者家属的激动情绪，足够在你面前上演一出长得如同滔滔江水延绵不绝的连续剧。
最后的预言：疲软的经济增长将延续至2010年。在春天前，奥巴马的白宫都不得不扮演美国政治中心的角色，美国商业界也终于开始相信会出现温和复苏。
下面是我对2010年美国经济以及市场前景最乐观也是最终的猜测。
2010年美国平均失业率：10.2%。
2010年标准普尔500指数年终收盘报：1300点。
2010年10年期美国国债收益率年终收盘报：5.0%。
201001/93725.shtmlNews trumpedcelebrities in 2010 as the BP oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and World Cup soccer in South Africa topped the list of most-searched items of 2010, according to Yahoo!
据雅虎的统计，新闻取代了名人成为2010年的最热门搜索项，搜索量最大的两个新闻热点是英国石油公司的墨西哥湾漏油事件和南非世界杯足球赛。
It is the first time that news came up first since the technology company began publishing its yearly review a decade ago.Vera Chan, the company's senior editor and web trend analyst, said the BP oil spill was the most searched topic for term for a variety of reasons.
自从这家技术公司十年前开始发布这一年度报告以来，这是新闻首次成为最热门的搜索项。搜狐资深编辑兼网络趋势分析师陈女士（Vera Chan）说，出于各种原因，英国石油公司漏油事件成为了最热门的搜索话题。
"It became an issue about so many things, such as the environment, energy, workplace disasters and the role of big government. It became a lightning rodfor peoples' anxieties," she explained.
她解释说：“这一事件牵涉了许多方面，例如环境、能源、工作场所灾难和大国政府职能。它成为了人们焦虑情绪聚集的一个焦点。”
The World Cup, on the other hand, was searched for as both a sporting event and a cultural experience.
另一方面，世界杯作为体育盛事和文化体验也成为了热门搜索项。
"People didn't just search for the players and the teams. It was a cultural learning experience. It was the first World Cup in Africa, and people wanted to learn about post-Apartheid South Africa," she said. "People also wanted to find out what that noise was -- the vuvuzelas."
她说：“人们不只是搜索有关球员和球队的信息，而是将其作为一次文化学习体验。这是首届在非洲举行的世界杯，人们想了解一下后种族隔离时代的南非。人们还想了解世界杯的声音制造者——呜呜祖拉。”
201012/119869.shtml
Miley Cyrus
All but one of the other top 10 categories reflected public fascination with celebrities. Teen pop sensation Miley Cyrus was in third place in the search rankings and television personality Kim Kardashianwas not far behind at fourth place. They were followed by Lady Gaga at No. 5, actress Megan Fox in seventh place, with Justin Bieber, American Idol and Britney Spears completing the top 10. The iPhone stood out as the exception, coming in sixth.
其他列入前十的热门搜索项中除了一个以外，都反映了公众对名人的痴迷。青少年热捧的流行小天后麦莉 赛勒斯在热门搜索项中排行第三，紧跟其后排在第四位的是电视明星金 卡戴珊。嘎嘎小姐排在第五位，女演员梅根 福克斯排在第七，前十名的其他几位分别是贾斯汀 比伯、美国偶像和小甜甜布兰妮。排在第六位的iPhone是个例外。
Britney Spears continued her fall in the standings, after being knocked down from number 1 to number 5 in 2009, only to land at number 10 in 2010 as rising stars such as Lady Gaga and Justin Bieber become more prominent.
自从在2009年从榜单的第一位落到第五位之后，小甜甜布兰妮的排名继续下滑，随着嘎嘎小姐和贾斯汀 比伯这些新星的走红，布兰妮在2010年仅名列第十位。
"How to tie a tie" was the No. 1 question in 2010, followed by "how to lose weight", "how to kiss" and "how to write a resume."
2010年的头号热门搜索问题是“如何打领带”，其次是“如何减肥”、“如何接吻”以及“如何写简历”。
Unemployment was the most searched for financial item, followed by "Wall Street companies" and "recalls".
“失业”是金融类最热门的搜索项，其次是“华尔街公司”和“产品召回”。
The top obsession of 2010 was the much-anticipated iPhone, followed by actress Lindsay Lohan, the iPad, and the television shows "Glee" and "Jersey Shore".
2010年最让人痴迷的东西是备受期待的iPhone，其他受关注的对象还有女演员林赛 罗韩、iPad、电视节目《欢乐合唱团》和《泽西海岸》。
"All of these lists together speak a lot about 2010, and the revolutions in politics and technology of the year," Chan said.
陈女士说：“所有这些搜索项综合反映了2010年的许多方面，还反映了这一年政治和技术领域的变革。”
201012/119869.shtml重点单词
查看全部解释
absolutely
['?bs?lu:tli]
想一想再看
adv. 绝对地，完全地;独立地
check
[t?ek]
想一想再看
n. 检查，支票，账单，制止，阻止物，检验标准，方格图案
联想记忆
X
单词check 联想记忆：
check原是检查的意思，后来有这么一帮人喜欢突然阻止你，检查你的暂住证，所以就有了突然阻止的意思。
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
smart
[smɑ:t]
想一想再看
adj. 聪明的，时髦的，漂亮的，敏捷的，轻快的，整洁的
credit
['kredit]
想一想再看
n. 信用，荣誉，贷款，学分，赞扬，赊欠，贷方
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词credit 联想记忆：
cred相信+it表名词，通常是抽象名词→相信
convenient
[k?n'vi:nj?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 方便的，便利的
contribution
[.k?ntri'bju:n]
想一想再看
n. 贡献，捐款(赠)
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
stick
[stik]
想一想再看
n. 枝，杆，手杖
vt. 插于，刺入，竖起<
temptation
[temp'tein]
想一想再看
n. 诱惑，引诱
重点单词
查看全部解释
absolutely
['?bs?lu:tli]
想一想再看
adv. 绝对地，完全地;独立地
check
[t?ek]
想一想再看
n. 检查，支票，账单，制止，阻止物，检验标准，方格图案
联想记忆
X
单词check 联想记忆：
check原是检查的意思，后来有这么一帮人喜欢突然阻止你，检查你的暂住证，所以就有了突然阻止的意思。
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
smart
[smɑ:t]
想一想再看
adj. 聪明的，时髦的，漂亮的，敏捷的，轻快的，整洁的
credit
['kredit]
想一想再看
n. 信用，荣誉，贷款，学分，赞扬，赊欠，贷方
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词credit 联想记忆：
cred相信+it表名词，通常是抽象名词→相信
convenient
[k?n'vi:nj?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 方便的，便利的
contribution
[.k?ntri'bju:n]
想一想再看
n. 贡献，捐款(赠)
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
stick
[stik]
想一想再看
n. 枝，杆，手杖
vt. 插于，刺入，竖起<
temptation
[temp'tein]
想一想再看
n. 诱惑，引诱
重点单词
查看全部解释
absolutely
['?bs?lu:tli]
想一想再看
adv. 绝对地，完全地;独立地
check
[t?ek]
想一想再看
n. 检查，支票，账单，制止，阻止物，检验标准，方格图案
联想记忆
X
单词check 联想记忆：
check原是检查的意思，后来有这么一帮人喜欢突然阻止你，检查你的暂住证，所以就有了突然阻止的意思。
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
smart
[smɑ:t]
想一想再看
adj. 聪明的，时髦的，漂亮的，敏捷的，轻快的，整洁的
credit
['kredit]
想一想再看
n. 信用，荣誉，贷款，学分，赞扬，赊欠，贷方
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词credit 联想记忆：
cred相信+it表名词，通常是抽象名词→相信
convenient
[k?n'vi:nj?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 方便的，便利的
contribution
[.k?ntri'bju:n]
想一想再看
n. 贡献，捐款(赠)
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
stick
[stik]
想一想再看
n. 枝，杆，手杖
vt. 插于，刺入，竖起<
temptation
[temp'tein]
想一想再看
n. 诱惑，引诱
重点单词
查看全部解释
absolutely
['?bs?lu:tli]
想一想再看
adv. 绝对地，完全地;独立地
check
[t?ek]
想一想再看
n. 检查，支票，账单，制止，阻止物，检验标准，方格图案
联想记忆
X
单词check 联想记忆：
check原是检查的意思，后来有这么一帮人喜欢突然阻止你，检查你的暂住证，所以就有了突然阻止的意思。
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
smart
[smɑ:t]
想一想再看
adj. 聪明的，时髦的，漂亮的，敏捷的，轻快的，整洁的
credit
['kredit]
想一想再看
n. 信用，荣誉，贷款，学分，赞扬，赊欠，贷方
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词credit 联想记忆：
cred相信+it表名词，通常是抽象名词→相信
convenient
[k?n'vi:nj?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 方便的，便利的
contribution
[.k?ntri'bju:n]
想一想再看
n. 贡献，捐款(赠)
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
stick
[stik]
想一想再看
n. 枝，杆，手杖
vt. 插于，刺入，竖起<
temptation
[temp'tein]
想一想再看
n. 诱惑，引诱
重点单词
查看全部解释
absolutely
['?bs?lu:tli]
想一想再看
adv. 绝对地，完全地;独立地
check
[t?ek]
想一想再看
n. 检查，支票，账单，制止，阻止物，检验标准，方格图案
联想记忆
X
单词check 联想记忆：
check原是检查的意思，后来有这么一帮人喜欢突然阻止你，检查你的暂住证，所以就有了突然阻止的意思。
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
smart
[smɑ:t]
想一想再看
adj. 聪明的，时髦的，漂亮的，敏捷的，轻快的，整洁的
credit
['kredit]
想一想再看
n. 信用，荣誉，贷款，学分，赞扬，赊欠，贷方
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词credit 联想记忆：
cred相信+it表名词，通常是抽象名词→相信
convenient
[k?n'vi:nj?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 方便的，便利的
contribution
[.k?ntri'bju:n]
想一想再看
n. 贡献，捐款(赠)
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
stick
[stik]
想一想再看
n. 枝，杆，手杖
vt. 插于，刺入，竖起<
temptation
[temp'tein]
想一想再看
n. 诱惑，引诱
重点单词
查看全部解释
absolutely
['?bs?lu:tli]
想一想再看
adv. 绝对地，完全地;独立地
check
[t?ek]
想一想再看
n. 检查，支票，账单，制止，阻止物，检验标准，方格图案
联想记忆
X
单词check 联想记忆：
check原是检查的意思，后来有这么一帮人喜欢突然阻止你，检查你的暂住证，所以就有了突然阻止的意思。
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
smart
[smɑ:t]
想一想再看
adj. 聪明的，时髦的，漂亮的，敏捷的，轻快的，整洁的
credit
['kredit]
想一想再看
n. 信用，荣誉，贷款，学分，赞扬，赊欠，贷方
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词credit 联想记忆：
cred相信+it表名词，通常是抽象名词→相信
convenient
[k?n'vi:nj?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 方便的，便利的
contribution
[.k?ntri'bju:n]
想一想再看
n. 贡献，捐款(赠)
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
stick
[stik]
想一想再看
n. 枝，杆，手杖
vt. 插于，刺入，竖起<
temptation
[temp'tein]
想一想再看
n. 诱惑，引诱
重点单词
查看全部解释
absolutely
['?bs?lu:tli]
想一想再看
adv. 绝对地，完全地;独立地
check
[t?ek]
想一想再看
n. 检查，支票，账单，制止，阻止物，检验标准，方格图案
联想记忆
X
单词check 联想记忆：
check原是检查的意思，后来有这么一帮人喜欢突然阻止你，检查你的暂住证，所以就有了突然阻止的意思。
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
smart
[smɑ:t]
想一想再看
adj. 聪明的，时髦的，漂亮的，敏捷的，轻快的，整洁的
credit
['kredit]
想一想再看
n. 信用，荣誉，贷款，学分，赞扬，赊欠，贷方
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词credit 联想记忆：
cred相信+it表名词，通常是抽象名词→相信
convenient
[k?n'vi:nj?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 方便的，便利的
contribution
[.k?ntri'bju:n]
想一想再看
n. 贡献，捐款(赠)
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
stick
[stik]
想一想再看
n. 枝，杆，手杖
vt. 插于，刺入，竖起<
temptation
[temp'tein]
想一想再看
n. 诱惑，引诱
重点单词
查看全部解释
absolutely
['?bs?lu:tli]
想一想再看
adv. 绝对地，完全地;独立地
check
[t?ek]
想一想再看
n. 检查，支票，账单，制止，阻止物，检验标准，方格图案
联想记忆
X
单词check 联想记忆：
check原是检查的意思，后来有这么一帮人喜欢突然阻止你，检查你的暂住证，所以就有了突然阻止的意思。
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
smart
[smɑ:t]
想一想再看
adj. 聪明的，时髦的，漂亮的，敏捷的，轻快的，整洁的
credit
['kredit]
想一想再看
n. 信用，荣誉，贷款，学分，赞扬，赊欠，贷方
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词credit 联想记忆：
cred相信+it表名词，通常是抽象名词→相信
convenient
[k?n'vi:nj?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 方便的，便利的
contribution
[.k?ntri'bju:n]
想一想再看
n. 贡献，捐款(赠)
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
stick
[stik]
想一想再看
n. 枝，杆，手杖
vt. 插于，刺入，竖起<
temptation
[temp'tein]
想一想再看
n. 诱惑，引诱
重点单词
查看全部解释
absolutely
['?bs?lu:tli]
想一想再看
adv. 绝对地，完全地;独立地
check
[t?ek]
想一想再看
n. 检查，支票，账单，制止，阻止物，检验标准，方格图案
联想记忆
X
单词check 联想记忆：
check原是检查的意思，后来有这么一帮人喜欢突然阻止你，检查你的暂住证，所以就有了突然阻止的意思。
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
smart
[smɑ:t]
想一想再看
adj. 聪明的，时髦的，漂亮的，敏捷的，轻快的，整洁的
credit
['kredit]
想一想再看
n. 信用，荣誉，贷款，学分，赞扬，赊欠，贷方
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词credit 联想记忆：
cred相信+it表名词，通常是抽象名词→相信
convenient
[k?n'vi:nj?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 方便的，便利的
contribution
[.k?ntri'bju:n]
想一想再看
n. 贡献，捐款(赠)
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
stick
[stik]
想一想再看
n. 枝，杆，手杖
vt. 插于，刺入，竖起<
temptation
[temp'tein]
想一想再看
n. 诱惑，引诱
重点单词
查看全部解释
absolutely
['?bs?lu:tli]
想一想再看
adv. 绝对地，完全地;独立地
check
[t?ek]
想一想再看
n. 检查，支票，账单，制止，阻止物，检验标准，方格图案
联想记忆
X
单词check 联想记忆：
check原是检查的意思，后来有这么一帮人喜欢突然阻止你，检查你的暂住证，所以就有了突然阻止的意思。
calendar
['k?l?nd?]
想一想再看
n. 日历，月历，日程表
vt. 把 ...
联想记忆
X
单词calendar 联想记忆：
calend一天+ar表名词，“人，物”→日历
smart
[smɑ:t]
想一想再看
adj. 聪明的，时髦的，漂亮的，敏捷的，轻快的，整洁的
credit
['kredit]
想一想再看
n. 信用，荣誉，贷款，学分，赞扬，赊欠，贷方
<br /
联想记忆
X
单词credit 联想记忆：
cred相信+it表名词，通常是抽象名词→相信
convenient
[k?n'vi:nj?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 方便的，便利的
contribution
[.k?ntri'bju:n]
想一想再看
n. 贡献，捐款(赠)
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
stick
[stik]
想一想再看
n. 枝，杆，手杖
vt. 插于，刺入，竖起<
temptation
[temp'tein]
想一想再看
n. 诱惑，引诱
May the New Year bring many good things and rich blessings to you and all those you love!
愿新年带给你和你所爱的人许多美好的事物和无尽的祝福！
Rich blessings for health and longevity is my special wish for you in the coming year.
祝你在新的一年里身体健康，多福多寿。
Good luck, good health, hood cheer. I wish you a happy New Year.
祝好运、健康、佳肴伴你度过一个快乐新年。
With best wishes for a happy New Year!
祝新年快乐，并致以良好的祝福。
I hope you have a most happy and prosperous New Year.
谨祝新年快乐幸福，大吉大利。
With the compliments of the season.
祝贺佳节。
May the season\'s joy fill you all the year round.
愿节日的愉快伴你一生。
Season\'s greetings and best wishes for the New Year.
祝福您，新年快乐。
Please accept my season\'s greetings.
请接受我节日的祝贺。
To wish you joy at this holy season. Wishing every happiness will always be with you.
恭祝新年吉祥，幸福和欢乐与你同在。
Good health, good luck and much happiness throughout the year.
恭祝健康、幸运，新年快乐。
May the joy and happiness around you today and always.
愿快乐幸福永伴你左右。
Please accept my sincere wishes for the New Year. I hope you will continue to enjoy good health.
请接受我诚挚的新年祝福，顺祝身体健康。
Allow me to congratulate you on the arrival of the New Year and to extend to you all my best wishes for your perfect health and lasting prosperity.
恭贺新禧，祝身体健康、事业发达。
201001/95381.shtml
Best wishes for the holidays and happiness throughout the New Year.
恭贺新禧，万事如意。
With very best wishes for your happiness in the New Year.
致以最良好的祝福，原你新年快乐幸福。
Please accept our wishes for you and yours for a happy New Year.
请接受我们对你及你全家的美好祝福，祝你们新年快乐。
May the coming New Year bring you joy, love and peace.
愿新年为你带来快乐，友爱和宁静。
Wishing you happiness during the holidays and throughout the New Year.
祝节日快乐，新年幸福。
A happy New Year to you.
恭贺新年。
Season\'s greetings and sincere wishes for a bright and happy New Year!
献上节日的问候与祝福,愿你拥有一个充满生机和欢乐的新年。
I give you endless brand-new good wishes. Please accept them as a new remembrance of our lasting friendship.
给你我无尽的新的祝福，让它们成为我们永恒友谊的新的纪念。
Good luck and great success in the coming New Year.
祝来年好运，并取得更大的成就。
On the occasion of the New Year, may my wife and I extend to you and yours our warmest greetings, wishing you a happy New Year, your career greater success and your family happiness.
在此新年之际，我同夫人向你及你的家人致以节日的问候，并祝你们新年快乐、事业有成、家庭幸福。
May everything beautiful and best be condensed into this card. I sincerely wish you happiness, cheerfulness and success.
愿一切最美好的祝福都能用这张贺卡表达，真诚地祝你幸福、快乐、成功！
重点单词
查看全部解释
compromise
['k?mpr?maiz]
想一想再看
n. 妥协，折衷，折衷案
vt. 妥协处理，危
联想记忆
X
单词compromise 联想记忆：
com共同，promise发誓：停战妥协就是两个国家共同发誓不打仗的产物。
adamant
['?d?m?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 非常坚硬的，强硬的，固执的 n. 坚硬无比之物
联想记忆
X
单词adamant 联想记忆：
a不+dama征服+ant→不可征服的→坚定的，坚固的
confident
['k?nfid?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 自信的，有信心的，有把握的
a
联想记忆
X
单词confident 联想记忆：
con全部+fid相信+ent表示形容词，“…的”→自信的
virtue
['v?:tju:]
想一想再看
n. 美德，德行，优点，贞操
联想记忆
X
单词virtue 联想记忆：
源于：virtues（n 美德天使：九级天使中的第五级）
diligent
['dilidnt]
想一想再看
adj. 勤奋的，用功的
infinite
['infinit]
想一想再看
adj. 无限的，无穷的
n. 无限
联想记忆
X
单词infinite 联想记忆：
in无，fin范围－无范围的－无限的
arrogant
['?r?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 傲慢的，自大的
联想记忆
X
单词arrogant 联想记忆：
ar一再，rog要求－一再要求－傲慢的arrow ant：一个想射箭的蚂蚁－傲慢自大的
重点单词
查看全部解释
compromise
['k?mpr?maiz]
想一想再看
n. 妥协，折衷，折衷案
vt. 妥协处理，危
联想记忆
X
单词compromise 联想记忆：
com共同，promise发誓：停战妥协就是两个国家共同发誓不打仗的产物。
adamant
['?d?m?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 非常坚硬的，强硬的，固执的 n. 坚硬无比之物
联想记忆
X
单词adamant 联想记忆：
a不+dama征服+ant→不可征服的→坚定的，坚固的
confident
['k?nfid?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 自信的，有信心的，有把握的
a
联想记忆
X
单词confident 联想记忆：
con全部+fid相信+ent表示形容词，“…的”→自信的
virtue
['v?:tju:]
想一想再看
n. 美德，德行，优点，贞操
联想记忆
X
单词virtue 联想记忆：
源于：virtues（n 美德天使：九级天使中的第五级）
diligent
['dilidnt]
想一想再看
adj. 勤奋的，用功的
infinite
['infinit]
想一想再看
adj. 无限的，无穷的
n. 无限
联想记忆
X
单词infinite 联想记忆：
in无，fin范围－无范围的－无限的
arrogant
['?r?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 傲慢的，自大的
联想记忆
X
单词arrogant 联想记忆：
ar一再，rog要求－一再要求－傲慢的arrow ant：一个想射箭的蚂蚁－傲慢自大的
重点单词
查看全部解释
compromise
['k?mpr?maiz]
想一想再看
n. 妥协，折衷，折衷案
vt. 妥协处理，危
联想记忆
X
单词compromise 联想记忆：
com共同，promise发誓：停战妥协就是两个国家共同发誓不打仗的产物。
adamant
['?d?m?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 非常坚硬的，强硬的，固执的 n. 坚硬无比之物
联想记忆
X
单词adamant 联想记忆：
a不+dama征服+ant→不可征服的→坚定的，坚固的
confident
['k?nfid?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 自信的，有信心的，有把握的
a
联想记忆
X
单词confident 联想记忆：
con全部+fid相信+ent表示形容词，“…的”→自信的
virtue
['v?:tju:]
想一想再看
n. 美德，德行，优点，贞操
联想记忆
X
单词virtue 联想记忆：
源于：virtues（n 美德天使：九级天使中的第五级）
diligent
['dilidnt]
想一想再看
adj. 勤奋的，用功的
infinite
['infinit]
想一想再看
adj. 无限的，无穷的
n. 无限
联想记忆
X
单词infinite 联想记忆：
in无，fin范围－无范围的－无限的
arrogant
['?r?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 傲慢的，自大的
联想记忆
X
单词arrogant 联想记忆：
ar一再，rog要求－一再要求－傲慢的arrow ant：一个想射箭的蚂蚁－傲慢自大的
重点单词
查看全部解释
compromise
['k?mpr?maiz]
想一想再看
n. 妥协，折衷，折衷案
vt. 妥协处理，危
联想记忆
X
单词compromise 联想记忆：
com共同，promise发誓：停战妥协就是两个国家共同发誓不打仗的产物。
adamant
['?d?m?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 非常坚硬的，强硬的，固执的 n. 坚硬无比之物
联想记忆
X
单词adamant 联想记忆：
a不+dama征服+ant→不可征服的→坚定的，坚固的
confident
['k?nfid?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 自信的，有信心的，有把握的
a
联想记忆
X
单词confident 联想记忆：
con全部+fid相信+ent表示形容词，“…的”→自信的
virtue
['v?:tju:]
想一想再看
n. 美德，德行，优点，贞操
联想记忆
X
单词virtue 联想记忆：
源于：virtues（n 美德天使：九级天使中的第五级）
diligent
['dilidnt]
想一想再看
adj. 勤奋的，用功的
infinite
['infinit]
想一想再看
adj. 无限的，无穷的
n. 无限
联想记忆
X
单词infinite 联想记忆：
in无，fin范围－无范围的－无限的
arrogant
['?r?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 傲慢的，自大的
联想记忆
X
单词arrogant 联想记忆：
ar一再，rog要求－一再要求－傲慢的arrow ant：一个想射箭的蚂蚁－傲慢自大的
重点单词
查看全部解释
compromise
['k?mpr?maiz]
想一想再看
n. 妥协，折衷，折衷案
vt. 妥协处理，危
联想记忆
X
单词compromise 联想记忆：
com共同，promise发誓：停战妥协就是两个国家共同发誓不打仗的产物。
adamant
['?d?m?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 非常坚硬的，强硬的，固执的 n. 坚硬无比之物
联想记忆
X
单词adamant 联想记忆：
a不+dama征服+ant→不可征服的→坚定的，坚固的
confident
['k?nfid?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 自信的，有信心的，有把握的
a
联想记忆
X
单词confident 联想记忆：
con全部+fid相信+ent表示形容词，“…的”→自信的
virtue
['v?:tju:]
想一想再看
n. 美德，德行，优点，贞操
联想记忆
X
单词virtue 联想记忆：
源于：virtues（n 美德天使：九级天使中的第五级）
diligent
['dilidnt]
想一想再看
adj. 勤奋的，用功的
infinite
['infinit]
想一想再看
adj. 无限的，无穷的
n. 无限
联想记忆
X
单词infinite 联想记忆：
in无，fin范围－无范围的－无限的
arrogant
['?r?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 傲慢的，自大的
联想记忆
X
单词arrogant 联想记忆：
ar一再，rog要求－一再要求－傲慢的arrow ant：一个想射箭的蚂蚁－傲慢自大的
重点单词
查看全部解释
compromise
['k?mpr?maiz]
想一想再看
n. 妥协，折衷，折衷案
vt. 妥协处理，危
联想记忆
X
单词compromise 联想记忆：
com共同，promise发誓：停战妥协就是两个国家共同发誓不打仗的产物。
adamant
['?d?m?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 非常坚硬的，强硬的，固执的 n. 坚硬无比之物
联想记忆
X
单词adamant 联想记忆：
a不+dama征服+ant→不可征服的→坚定的，坚固的
confident
['k?nfid?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 自信的，有信心的，有把握的
a
联想记忆
X
单词confident 联想记忆：
con全部+fid相信+ent表示形容词，“…的”→自信的
virtue
['v?:tju:]
想一想再看
n. 美德，德行，优点，贞操
联想记忆
X
单词virtue 联想记忆：
源于：virtues（n 美德天使：九级天使中的第五级）
diligent
['dilidnt]
想一想再看
adj. 勤奋的，用功的
infinite
['infinit]
想一想再看
adj. 无限的，无穷的
n. 无限
联想记忆
X
单词infinite 联想记忆：
in无，fin范围－无范围的－无限的
arrogant
['?r?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 傲慢的，自大的
联想记忆
X
单词arrogant 联想记忆：
ar一再，rog要求－一再要求－傲慢的arrow ant：一个想射箭的蚂蚁－傲慢自大的
重点单词
查看全部解释
compromise
['k?mpr?maiz]
想一想再看
n. 妥协，折衷，折衷案
vt. 妥协处理，危
联想记忆
X
单词compromise 联想记忆：
com共同，promise发誓：停战妥协就是两个国家共同发誓不打仗的产物。
adamant
['?d?m?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 非常坚硬的，强硬的，固执的 n. 坚硬无比之物
联想记忆
X
单词adamant 联想记忆：
a不+dama征服+ant→不可征服的→坚定的，坚固的
confident
['k?nfid?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 自信的，有信心的，有把握的
a
联想记忆
X
单词confident 联想记忆：
con全部+fid相信+ent表示形容词，“…的”→自信的
virtue
['v?:tju:]
想一想再看
n. 美德，德行，优点，贞操
联想记忆
X
单词virtue 联想记忆：
源于：virtues（n 美德天使：九级天使中的第五级）
diligent
['dilidnt]
想一想再看
adj. 勤奋的，用功的
infinite
['infinit]
想一想再看
adj. 无限的，无穷的
n. 无限
联想记忆
X
单词infinite 联想记忆：
in无，fin范围－无范围的－无限的
arrogant
['?r?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 傲慢的，自大的
联想记忆
X
单词arrogant 联想记忆：
ar一再，rog要求－一再要求－傲慢的arrow ant：一个想射箭的蚂蚁－傲慢自大的
重点单词
查看全部解释
compromise
['k?mpr?maiz]
想一想再看
n. 妥协，折衷，折衷案
vt. 妥协处理，危
联想记忆
X
单词compromise 联想记忆：
com共同，promise发誓：停战妥协就是两个国家共同发誓不打仗的产物。
adamant
['?d?m?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 非常坚硬的，强硬的，固执的 n. 坚硬无比之物
联想记忆
X
单词adamant 联想记忆：
a不+dama征服+ant→不可征服的→坚定的，坚固的
confident
['k?nfid?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 自信的，有信心的，有把握的
a
联想记忆
X
单词confident 联想记忆：
con全部+fid相信+ent表示形容词，“…的”→自信的
virtue
['v?:tju:]
想一想再看
n. 美德，德行，优点，贞操
联想记忆
X
单词virtue 联想记忆：
源于：virtues（n 美德天使：九级天使中的第五级）
diligent
['dilidnt]
想一想再看
adj. 勤奋的，用功的
infinite
['infinit]
想一想再看
adj. 无限的，无穷的
n. 无限
联想记忆
X
单词infinite 联想记忆：
in无，fin范围－无范围的－无限的
arrogant
['?r?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 傲慢的，自大的
联想记忆
X
单词arrogant 联想记忆：
ar一再，rog要求－一再要求－傲慢的arrow ant：一个想射箭的蚂蚁－傲慢自大的
重点单词
查看全部解释
compromise
['k?mpr?maiz]
想一想再看
n. 妥协，折衷，折衷案
vt. 妥协处理，危
联想记忆
X
单词compromise 联想记忆：
com共同，promise发誓：停战妥协就是两个国家共同发誓不打仗的产物。
adamant
['?d?m?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 非常坚硬的，强硬的，固执的 n. 坚硬无比之物
联想记忆
X
单词adamant 联想记忆：
a不+dama征服+ant→不可征服的→坚定的，坚固的
confident
['k?nfid?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 自信的，有信心的，有把握的
a
联想记忆
X
单词confident 联想记忆：
con全部+fid相信+ent表示形容词，“…的”→自信的
virtue
['v?:tju:]
想一想再看
n. 美德，德行，优点，贞操
联想记忆
X
单词virtue 联想记忆：
源于：virtues（n 美德天使：九级天使中的第五级）
diligent
['dilidnt]
想一想再看
adj. 勤奋的，用功的
infinite
['infinit]
想一想再看
adj. 无限的，无穷的
n. 无限
联想记忆
X
单词infinite 联想记忆：
in无，fin范围－无范围的－无限的
arrogant
['?r?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 傲慢的，自大的
联想记忆
X
单词arrogant 联想记忆：
ar一再，rog要求－一再要求－傲慢的arrow ant：一个想射箭的蚂蚁－傲慢自大的
重点单词
查看全部解释
compromise
['k?mpr?maiz]
想一想再看
n. 妥协，折衷，折衷案
vt. 妥协处理，危
联想记忆
X
单词compromise 联想记忆：
com共同，promise发誓：停战妥协就是两个国家共同发誓不打仗的产物。
adamant
['?d?m?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 非常坚硬的，强硬的，固执的 n. 坚硬无比之物
联想记忆
X
单词adamant 联想记忆：
a不+dama征服+ant→不可征服的→坚定的，坚固的
confident
['k?nfid?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 自信的，有信心的，有把握的
a
联想记忆
X
单词confident 联想记忆：
con全部+fid相信+ent表示形容词，“…的”→自信的
virtue
['v?:tju:]
想一想再看
n. 美德，德行，优点，贞操
联想记忆
X
单词virtue 联想记忆：
源于：virtues（n 美德天使：九级天使中的第五级）
diligent
['dilidnt]
想一想再看
adj. 勤奋的，用功的
infinite
['infinit]
想一想再看
adj. 无限的，无穷的
n. 无限
联想记忆
X
单词infinite 联想记忆：
in无，fin范围－无范围的－无限的
arrogant
['?r?g?nt]
想一想再看
adj. 傲慢的，自大的
联想记忆
X
单词arrogant 联想记忆：
ar一再，rog要求－一再要求－傲慢的arrow ant：一个想射箭的蚂蚁－傲慢自大的
The recession may be over, but the job market recovery is lagging way behind. And experts say the situation may get worse before it gets better.
经济衰退可能已有所好转，但是距离就业市场的复苏还有很长一段路要走。并且专家也声称情况在好转之前可能先会恶化。
"In the aftermath of recessions, there's always a period of jobless recovery," says John Challenger, CEO of global outplacement firm Challenger Gray & Christmas. "We're certainly not optimistic about seeing much improvement in the unemployment rate in 2010."
全球新职介绍公司Challenger Gray & Christmas 的执行总裁John Challenger 说：“经济不景气之后，总会有个就业复苏期，但是我们的确对2010年的就业率不抱多少乐观态度。”
Some industries will likely pick up faster than others. Industries such as construction and manufacturing will probably begin to hire sooner. Retail, tourism, and hospitality, which depend entirely on consumer spending, will probably be among the last to recover.
有些行业将会比其他的复苏得快一些。像建筑，制造这样的行业可以马上就开始招聘了。然而，零售，旅游，医疗这些依靠客户消费的行业则可能是复苏得最慢的。
It's important to remember that even when the overall number of jobs goes down, some companies are still adding workers -- it's just that others are cutting even more.
重要的是要记住即使是工作空缺总数减少了，也有很多公司仍然在增加员工，而总数减少的原因仅仅是因为有些公司裁员人数比较多而已。
"There are always jobs," Challenger says. "Companies are always hiring. But the competition is much tougher."
Challenger说：“工作总会有的。公司总是在招聘，只是竞争更加残酷了。”
Experts offer advice for surviving -- and thriving -- in the next year:
以下是专家提供的，明年的生存和发展建议：
200912/93010.shtml
重点单词
查看全部解释
unemployment
['?nim'pl?im?nt]
想一想再看
n. 失业，失业人数
overall
[?uv?'r?:l]
想一想再看
adj. 全部的，全体的，一切在内的
adv.
hospitality
[.h?spi't?liti]
想一想再看
n. 好客，殷勤，酒店管理
联想记忆
X
单词hospitality 联想记忆：
hospit客人+ality表名词，“状态，性质”→好客
distract
[di'str?kt]
想一想再看
vt. 转移，分心
联想记忆
X
单词distract 联想记忆：
dis分开+tract拉，拖→[思想]被拉开→分心，分散；使混乱
unstable
['?n'steibl]
想一想再看
adj. 不稳定的，易变的
figure
['fig?]
想一想再看
n. 图形，数字，形状; 人物，外形，体型
v
联想记忆
X
单词figure 联想记忆：
fig做，制作+ure →做出的状态→形象，人物
polish
['p?li?]
想一想再看
n. 光泽，上光剂，优雅，精良
v. 擦亮，磨
联想记忆
X
单词polish 联想记忆：
pol擦亮+ish表动词，“造成…”→擦亮
competition
[k?mpi'tin]
想一想再看
n. 比赛，竞争，竞赛
optimistic
[.?pti'mistik]
想一想再看
adj. 乐观的，乐观主义的
survival
[s?'vaiv?l]
想一想再看
n. 生存，幸存者
联想记忆
X
单词survival 联想记忆：
sur后+viv活+al表名词，“人，物，状态”→事故后活下来→幸存→生存，幸存
If You're Unemployed:
如果你处于失业状态：
If you have been out of work for a long time, it may be time to consider taking a job you wouldn't have looked at before.
如果你失业已经有一段很长的时间了，可能该是时候考虑一份你以前没有考虑过的工作了。
This will bring in some money and help you make connections, Frederickson says. It can also help you polish skills that you can lose while out of work: "being fast, multitasking, answering questions quickly and succinctly."
Frederickson说这样做会让你赚到一些钱，结交一些新朋友。也可以锻炼一下你在失业期间可能会生疏的一些技能，比如：做事要快，多任务同时进行，迅速而出色地回答问题等。
There are two concerns about taking a so-called survival job. It could distract you from your job search, and potential employers may have trouble envisioning you in your previous professional role.
接受一份谋生型的工作有两个弊端。这样做会让你在求职中分心，而且潜在雇主对你以前的专业形象会有所怀疑。
These concerns are real, but there are ways around them. For example, you can use your survival job to show employers that you're willing to work hard. And you can continue your job search after work.
这些弊端是很现实的，但是也有很多方法来回避它们。比如说，你可以利用你的谋生工作向雇主展示你努力工作的诚意。并且你也可以在工作之余继续找其他的好工作。
"The longer people sit out of the job market, the harder it's going to be for them to re-enter," Frederickson says.
Frederickson说：“人们远离职场越久，他们想要再次踏入就越难。”
Just because the job market is tough doesn't mean it's impossible. "You have to work harder at the job search," Challenger said.
求职市场很艰难并非意味着找到工作是不可能。Challenger说：“你应该更努力地去找工作。”
1. Wal-Mart Stores
沃尔玛百货
The mega-retailer didn't have a whole lot to complain about in fiscal 2010. Profits were up and, thanks to its sales, the company once again climbed to the top of the Fortune 500. Same-store sales were about flat for the year, but compared with Target's 2.5% decline, flat is good. Most remarkable was Wal-Mart's image overhaul. It helped that former CEO Lee Scott beefed up health care coverage for employees, thought more about the environment and became a public presence. Certain critics will never be placated and fiscal first-quarter results weren't the greatest. But there's no denying Scott left new CEO Mike Duke a company in fighting form.
2010财年，这家超级零售商可抱怨的地方不多。利润增加，而且由于销售额增长，该公司再次攀升至《财富》500强的冠军。今年沃尔玛的单店销售额和去年几乎持平，但同塔吉特百货销售额下降2.5%相比，持平已算不错。最值得注意的是沃尔玛重塑形象。前任首席执行官李?斯科特扩大了对员工医疗保险的覆盖，更关注环境，经常在公共场合露面，这些都起到了积极作用。当然，总会有人批评，而且沃尔玛第一季度的表现也不是最好的。但无可否认，斯科特给新任首席执行官麦克?杜克留下的是一个斗志昂扬的公司。
201007/109869.shtml
重点单词
查看全部解释
ownership
['?unip]
想一想再看
n. 所有权
potential
[p?'tenl]
想一想再看
adj. 可能的，潜在的
n. 潜力，潜能<b
commercial
[k?'m?:l]
想一想再看
adj. 商业的
n. 商业广告
联想记忆
X
单词commercial 联想记忆：
commerce商业+ial表形容词，“有…的”→商业的
domestic
[d?'mestik]
想一想再看
adj. 国内的，家庭的，驯养的
n. 家仆，
purchase
['p?:ts]
想一想再看
vt. 买，购买
n. 购买，购买的物品
funds
想一想再看
n. 基金；资金，现金（fund的复数） v. 提供资金
decline
[di'klain]
想一想再看
n. 衰微，跌落; 晚年
v. 降低，婉谢
corporate
['k?:p?rit]
想一想再看
adj. 社团的，法人的，共同的，全体的
联想记忆
X
单词corporate 联想记忆：
corpor躯体，al－法人的
planet
['pl?nit]
想一想再看
n. 行星
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
重点单词
查看全部解释
ownership
['?unip]
想一想再看
n. 所有权
potential
[p?'tenl]
想一想再看
adj. 可能的，潜在的
n. 潜力，潜能<b
commercial
[k?'m?:l]
想一想再看
adj. 商业的
n. 商业广告
联想记忆
X
单词commercial 联想记忆：
commerce商业+ial表形容词，“有…的”→商业的
domestic
[d?'mestik]
想一想再看
adj. 国内的，家庭的，驯养的
n. 家仆，
purchase
['p?:ts]
想一想再看
vt. 买，购买
n. 购买，购买的物品
funds
想一想再看
n. 基金；资金，现金（fund的复数） v. 提供资金
decline
[di'klain]
想一想再看
n. 衰微，跌落; 晚年
v. 降低，婉谢
corporate
['k?:p?rit]
想一想再看
adj. 社团的，法人的，共同的，全体的
联想记忆
X
单词corporate 联想记忆：
corpor躯体，al－法人的
planet
['pl?nit]
想一想再看
n. 行星
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
重点单词
查看全部解释
ownership
['?unip]
想一想再看
n. 所有权
potential
[p?'tenl]
想一想再看
adj. 可能的，潜在的
n. 潜力，潜能<b
commercial
[k?'m?:l]
想一想再看
adj. 商业的
n. 商业广告
联想记忆
X
单词commercial 联想记忆：
commerce商业+ial表形容词，“有…的”→商业的
domestic
[d?'mestik]
想一想再看
adj. 国内的，家庭的，驯养的
n. 家仆，
purchase
['p?:ts]
想一想再看
vt. 买，购买
n. 购买，购买的物品
funds
想一想再看
n. 基金；资金，现金（fund的复数） v. 提供资金
decline
[di'klain]
想一想再看
n. 衰微，跌落; 晚年
v. 降低，婉谢
corporate
['k?:p?rit]
想一想再看
adj. 社团的，法人的，共同的，全体的
联想记忆
X
单词corporate 联想记忆：
corpor躯体，al－法人的
planet
['pl?nit]
想一想再看
n. 行星
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
5. Bank of America Corp.
美国银行集团
Say this about Bank of America chief Brian Moynihan: He certainly knows how to talk the talk. In his letter to shareholders, Moynihan went out of his way to thank U.S. taxpayers for making $45 billion in TARP funds available. He also described how he is working closely with 'policy leaders' on financial reform. Whether he can walk the walk - i.e., turn around BofA's fortunes - is another matter. While the company did repay its TARP loan in December, it is still sitting on billions of dollars of vulnerable residential and commercial mortgage debt - one reason the company spent 8,000 words discussing risk in its annual report.
可以这样说美国银行首席执行官布莱恩?莫尼汉这个人：他很会说话。在给股东的信中，莫尼汉特地感谢美国纳税人，正是由于他们，美国银行才获得了450亿美元的不良资产援助资金。他还说自己如今正在金融改革方面同“政策领导人”紧密合作。不过他是否能做好，比如转变美国银行的境遇，就是另外一回事了。虽然美国银行的确在去年12月偿还了援助资金，但是它仍然有数十亿美元的高风险住房与商用房房贷，这也是为什么它要在年度报告中花8000字来讨论风险了。
重点单词
查看全部解释
ownership
['?unip]
想一想再看
n. 所有权
potential
[p?'tenl]
想一想再看
adj. 可能的，潜在的
n. 潜力，潜能<b
commercial
[k?'m?:l]
想一想再看
adj. 商业的
n. 商业广告
联想记忆
X
单词commercial 联想记忆：
commerce商业+ial表形容词，“有…的”→商业的
domestic
[d?'mestik]
想一想再看
adj. 国内的，家庭的，驯养的
n. 家仆，
purchase
['p?:ts]
想一想再看
vt. 买，购买
n. 购买，购买的物品
funds
想一想再看
n. 基金；资金，现金（fund的复数） v. 提供资金
decline
[di'klain]
想一想再看
n. 衰微，跌落; 晚年
v. 降低，婉谢
corporate
['k?:p?rit]
想一想再看
adj. 社团的，法人的，共同的，全体的
联想记忆
X
单词corporate 联想记忆：
corpor躯体，al－法人的
planet
['pl?nit]
想一想再看
n. 行星
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
7. AT&T
美国电话电报公司
Ahh, the glamorous life of AT&T: best friends with Steve Jobs, exclusive rights to the iPhone (for now) and carrier of choice on the iPad. So why, with everything going for it, did the stock miss a huge rally? In the year ending April 1, Apple soared 109% and the S&P 500 rose 41%. AT&T? Down 2%. The problem is growth, or lack thereof: little in its saturated wireless business and a decline in landlines, which still accounts for 25% of sales. Unless its high-speed Internet business takes off or the iPad drives new wireless growth, the beatings by Wall Street will continue.
啊，美国电话电报公司的命真好：同史蒂夫?乔布斯的关系最好，拥有iPhone的独家运营权（现在是如此），还是iPad的运营商之一。一切都对它有利，可为什么股票没有猛涨呢？截至4月1日，今年苹果公司的股价已经飙升109%，标准普尔指数也上升了41%。美国电话电报公司的股票呢？下跌了2%。问题在于发展，或者说缺乏发展：无线业务已经饱和，发展甚微，而占销售额25%的有线电话业务却出现萎缩。除非其高速互联网业务，或者iPad促使新的无线业务实现增长，否则其股票在华尔街将会继续遭受打击。
8. Ford Motor
福特汽车
In March, Ford completed its exit from the luxury car market by selling Volvo to China's Geely Automobile for $1.6 billion. Although the sale represents a sharp loss - the company paid $6 billion for the Swedish automaker eleven years ago - Ford posted an annual profit of $2.7 billion in 2009, its first profitable year since 2005. Assisted by the 'Cash for Clunkers' program (not to mention Toyota's accelerator woes), Ford recaptured its position as the nation's largest carmaker in February. Which is why Ford's CEO Alan Mulally can now look abroad, including big markets like India, where it recently introduced the compact Figo.
今年3月，福特以16亿美元将沃尔沃卖给中国吉利汽车，从此退出豪华汽车市场。虽然这是一个巨大损失——福特11年前购买沃尔沃这家瑞典汽车制造商花了60亿美元——但2009年福特实现了27亿美元的利润，是2005年以来首次盈利。受惠于“旧车换现金”计划（更不要说丰田的加速器问题了），今年2月福特重新占据了美国最大汽车制造商的宝座。这也是为什么福特首席执行官阿兰?穆拉里能够将目光投向国外，如印度这样的大市场，在印度推出了紧凑车型Figo。
重点单词
查看全部解释
ownership
['?unip]
想一想再看
n. 所有权
potential
[p?'tenl]
想一想再看
adj. 可能的，潜在的
n. 潜力，潜能<b
commercial
[k?'m?:l]
想一想再看
adj. 商业的
n. 商业广告
联想记忆
X
单词commercial 联想记忆：
commerce商业+ial表形容词，“有…的”→商业的
domestic
[d?'mestik]
想一想再看
adj. 国内的，家庭的，驯养的
n. 家仆，
purchase
['p?:ts]
想一想再看
vt. 买，购买
n. 购买，购买的物品
funds
想一想再看
n. 基金；资金，现金（fund的复数） v. 提供资金
decline
[di'klain]
想一想再看
n. 衰微，跌落; 晚年
v. 降低，婉谢
corporate
['k?:p?rit]
想一想再看
adj. 社团的，法人的，共同的，全体的
联想记忆
X
单词corporate 联想记忆：
corpor躯体，al－法人的
planet
['pl?nit]
想一想再看
n. 行星
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
重点单词
查看全部解释
ownership
['?unip]
想一想再看
n. 所有权
potential
[p?'tenl]
想一想再看
adj. 可能的，潜在的
n. 潜力，潜能<b
commercial
[k?'m?:l]
想一想再看
adj. 商业的
n. 商业广告
联想记忆
X
单词commercial 联想记忆：
commerce商业+ial表形容词，“有…的”→商业的
domestic
[d?'mestik]
想一想再看
adj. 国内的，家庭的，驯养的
n. 家仆，
purchase
['p?:ts]
想一想再看
vt. 买，购买
n. 购买，购买的物品
funds
想一想再看
n. 基金；资金，现金（fund的复数） v. 提供资金
decline
[di'klain]
想一想再看
n. 衰微，跌落; 晚年
v. 降低，婉谢
corporate
['k?:p?rit]
想一想再看
adj. 社团的，法人的，共同的，全体的
联想记忆
X
单词corporate 联想记忆：
corpor躯体，al－法人的
planet
['pl?nit]
想一想再看
n. 行星
complain
[k?m'plein]
想一想再看
vi. 抱怨，悲叹，控诉
2010年英文新年祝福邮件
新年就要到了，让我们给那些久未联系的朋友送封英文新年祝福邮件，表达一份深深的祝福吧！
A cheery New Year hold lots of happiness for you!给你特别的祝福，愿新年带给你无边的幸福、如意。
May you have the best New Year ever.愿你度过最美好的新年！
On this season I have but one thing to say: I love you.值此佳节，我只有一句话要告诉你：我爱你
You're the best present I ever received.你是我所收到的最好的礼物。
I only want you for New year!我只要你作为我的新年礼物！
I give all my love to you this New year.值此佳节，献上我对你所有的爱。
Even though we are apart, you are in my heart this season.千山万水，隔不断我在佳节对你的思念。
Wishing you peace, joy and happiness through the coming year.在新年来临之际，祝福你平安、快乐、幸福！
Warm greetings and best wishes for the New Year!致以热烈的祝贺和良好的祝福,新年快乐。
201001/95459.shtml
It seems that Christmas time is here once again, and it is time again to bring in the New Year. We wish the merriest of Christmas to you and your loved ones, and we wish you happiness and prosperity in the year ahead.又该迎接新的一年了。我们向你及你的亲人们致以最美好的祝福，愿你在新的一年里事业兴旺，幸福美满！
New Year comes but once a year. But when it comes it brings good cheer.新年一年只有一次，但每次来临都带来喜悦。
Peace and love for you at New Year from all your students.祝老师新年充满平安和爱。
Much joy to you in the up coming year. May the warmest wishes, happy thoughts and friendly greetings come at New Year and stay with you all the year through.让温馨的祝愿、幸福的思念和友好的祝福，在新年来到你身边，伴你左右。
A New Year greeting to cheer you from your daughters.愿女儿的新年祝福带给你快乐。
At New Year and always, may peace and love fill your heart, beauty fill your world, and contentment and joy fill your days.新年的祝福，平日的希冀，愿你心境祥和、充满爱意，愿你的世界全是美满，愿你一切称心如意，快乐无比。
May the joy of New Year be with you throughout the year.愿新年的快乐一年四季常在。
Peace and love for you at New Year from all your students.祝老师新年充满平安和爱。
Wishing you a sparkling New Year and bright happy New Year! May the season bring much pleasure to you.愿你的新年光彩夺目，愿你的新年灿烂辉煌！佳节快乐！
Wishing you all the blessings of a beautiful New Year season.愿你拥有新年所有美好的祝福。
Wishing you all the happiness of the holiday season.祝节日幸福如意。
Hope all your New Year dreams come true!愿你所有的新年想都成真！
Hope you enjoy the happiness of New Year and all the trimmings.祝你享尽新年佳节的快乐和新年的礼品。
Warm hearted wishes for a happy New Year filled with all your favorite things.传统佳节之际，献上殷殷祝福，祝新年万事如意！
I wish you a happy New Year. All affection and best wish